---------------1---------------
Title: No work, nearly bankrupt and stuck in Russia, as a Digital Nomad.
Selftext: 
---------------2---------------
Title: What are you doing to make money now that you’ve been laid off?
Selftext: I’m still employed right now, but honestly, I’m really unhappy with my current job. Plus, I’ve got this gut feeling there might be mass layoffs soon, like we’ve seen over the past couple of years. I’m already looking for a new position, but when I think about the worst-case scenario, I’m drawing a blank on other ways to make money. I work in analytics, and I’ve got about 6-12 months of expenses saved up, but I can’t just burn through that while job searching. On top of that, I’m a new parent, so I’m constantly thinking about my kid’s future too. It’s a lot to juggle.
---------------3---------------
Title: Can a company drastically lower your severance as your end date approaches?
Selftext: For reference, I work in New York. In November my group and I were told we are being laid off with an end date of February 16th.  I was told I would be getting 4 months severance, but there is currently an uncomfirmed rumor that we were given incorrect information (or lied to) and that my severance could now be as low as 2 weeks.

Would this be legal? I don't have anything in writing yet (they've been dragging their feet on the severance agreements), but I do have a recording of an HR manager specifically saying I'd get 16 weeks of severance (NY is a one-party recording state). Personally I think the rumor is incorrect, but I'd like to know my options if it turns out to be true.
---------------4---------------
Title: How have you supplemented your income while unemployed?
Selftext: Curious to hear how other people have been supplementing their income while unemployed
---------------5---------------
Title: Top candidates talk fossil fuels as climate agenda slipsGetty ImagesAs the threatposed by US President
Selftext: 
---------------6---------------
Title: How to prepare for a layoff
Selftext: Been working for about 22 years and never laid off before. 

Supposedly my company is cutting 30% of finance staff in Q4 and I'm on the list. My boss didn't tell me, but told another team member me and him will be let go and the team disbanded. 

There should be a severance package of several months. My resume is updatex and I reached out to some recruiters already but I kind of want to wait for the severance. One wouldn't even submit me for a role bc of that. 

Complicating matters is I have been dealing with a worsening back all year and severely reinjured it in the summer. I was able to keep working, but needed an accomodation to split my time between home/office due to sitting/driving/standing. 

It is hard to just wait and do nothing and wait for the bad news to come, but having the paid off time feels like I can actually try to fully heal. Yet it feels wrong to not be looking for a job now too. 

Is there anything I should be doing to prepare? I have gone over my expenses. I am cutting where I can. I picked up a side gig working from from home.
---------------7---------------
Title: Getting laid off but waiting on an offer at another company
Selftext: I've worked at this tech company for 2.5 years and I was put on a pip 3 weeks ago where my manager constantly changed deadlines and expectations. I thought I beat it on Friday but realized if I wasn't sick yesterday, he would've laid me off (saw HR calendars have "busy" at same time slot as meeting with manager then removed that were removed after I called off). I have a job offer pending (Monday they said I'd hear from hr soon) so I don't want to be laid off now and have it pop up on my background check and have them rescind my offer. What do I do?
---------------8---------------
Title: How to request a copy of TWN Work History - being used by recruiters
Selftext: The Work Number is a service sold to recruiters that gives your past salary information, employment history, and even how much money your home-based business made (we’ve had reports on them pulling data from Quickbooks). I recommend everyone learn about this service, as it can be used against you. 

Because the data is considered a credit report, consumers are entitled to one free report every year. The report shows what data the report contains, and what entities have seen it. You’ll have to go to them to access it. 



Step 1: Sign up for access 

You will need to search for your current or former employer to get their “Employer’s Code” then you can gain access.  



[~https://secure.theworknumber.talx.com/twneeer/Preauthenticated/FindEmployer.aspx~](https://secure.theworknumber.talx.com/twneeer/Preauthenticated/FindEmployer.aspx)

  


\*If your employer is not listed we suggest calling the Client Service number to request a copy of your data report. 



Step 2: View your data report

Once you have signed up for access you can use the portal to view your data report. 



[~https://employees.theworknumber.com/employment-data-report~](https://employees.theworknumber.com/employment-data-report)



\*If your employer is not listed we suggest calling the Client Service number to request a copy of your data report. 



If these steps don’t work, you’ll need to take additional steps to contact them. Check out our compendium here for additional information on how to do this: 

[~https://backgroundproof.com/twn-compendium/~](https://backgroundproof.com/twn-compendium/)
---------------9---------------
Title: "Organizational Update" meaning and possibilities
Selftext: I work for a large healthcare corporation, and recently (2 weeks ago) switched into a new role, new team, new department. Got an email Friday with everyone (50 or so I'm guessing) in my department on it for Tuesday at noon titled "Organizational Update". 
First thought was, welp I'm gone. 
Thought about it more and maybe just coping but came up with a few reasons for hope.
Why approve a backfill when the role will disappear in weeks? Why not same day or first thing Monday? Once again, could just be coping.
Any chance for hope here?
---------------10---------------
Title: When will it be enough?
Selftext: My old company that I worked for is sending all engineering jobs to phillipines and my current company is sending cars all to Jamaica when will it be enough for companies  to stoppp
---------------11---------------
Title: If you layoff people your a shitty employer
Selftext: Quite or shut up and let the workers take over dont listen to wall street 
Produce make and expand
---------------12---------------
Title: Trump signs orders targeting ‘Anonymous’ author and former top cybersecurity official who crossed him in first term: ‘Like a traitor’President Donald Trump intensified his efforts to
Selftext: 
---------------13---------------
Title: Tips to apply for Federal jobs
Selftext: Helpful article on how to apply and tailor your resume for federal jobs.
---------------14---------------
Title: Layoffs commencing on February 3, 2024, a total of 401 employees are being laid-off today
Selftext: List of Layoffs commencing on February 3, 2024, a total of 401 employees are being laid-off today.

***Please Note:*** *These layoff details are only aggregated from WARN Notices submitted to each US State Workforce Department and are not from secondary news sources. Some states publish these reports on a monthly, quarterly or other delayed timelines.*

**SPS Ventures, Inc.** | Maryland Heights, MO | 152 Employees | Announced on 2023-12-08 | Effective 2024-02-03 [https://www.workcules.com/layoff-tracker/sps-ventures-inc-layoffs-mo-maryland-heights-70312](https://www.workcules.com/layoff-tracker/sps-ventures-inc-layoffs-mo-maryland-heights-70312) 

**SPS Ventures Inc** | Santa Clarita, CA | 162 Employees | Announced on 2023-12-05 | Effective 2024-02-03 [https://www.workcules.com/layoff-tracker/sps-ventures-inc-layoffs-ca-santa-clarita-71272](https://www.workcules.com/layoff-tracker/sps-ventures-inc-layoffs-ca-santa-clarita-71272) 

**MassBiologics of the UMass Chan Medical School** | Mattapan, MA | 36 Employees | Announced on 2023-12-05 | Effective 2024-02-03 [https://www.workcules.com/layoff-tracker/massbiologics-of-the-umass-chan-medical-school-layoffs-ma-mattapan-70228](https://www.workcules.com/layoff-tracker/massbiologics-of-the-umass-chan-medical-school-layoffs-ma-mattapan-70228) 

**Nordstrom** | Brooklyn, NY | 51 Employees | Announced on 2023-11-02 | Effective 2024-02-03 [https://www.workcules.com/layoff-tracker/nordstrom-layoffs-ny-brooklyn-70397](https://www.workcules.com/layoff-tracker/nordstrom-layoffs-ny-brooklyn-70397)
---------------15---------------
Title: IT All Hands - Employees Only
Selftext: Would an employee-only all hands in IT ever be about an announcement that contractors were being let go?  Anyone ever heard of such a thing?
---------------16---------------
Title: Filing for unemployment in a state I no longer live
Selftext: So. I was working in Virginia. Then I quit that job and started working for a remote job based mostly outside of the US. Still lived in Virginia for like a month or two before then moving to Missouri. Still remote so the job was still based outside of the us I just so happened to want to be in Missouri.

Then I just got laid off from that new job. So I called up Missouri’s unemployment office and they said hey Virginia is better when it comes to unemployment. File with them.

…can I? I’m struggling to get someone on the phone with Virginia’s unemployment office to make sure I’m not about to commit fraud as I am not a resident of that state any longer.
---------------17---------------
Title: Just got laid off literally no sign
Selftext: Everything and everyone seemed normal it’s not like what everyone has been saying like there will be signs and hr looking at you differently type shit. 
Manager and manager’s boss scheduled a meeting: boom, and there it is, “your performance is good but yk we are a fast paced company…  need more of your involvement on stuff blah blah blah.” 

It sucks but whatever.
---------------18---------------
Title: Adjusting to a new job after months of being laid off
Selftext: I, 33F, was laid off in January of this year (2024) from a company I wanted to grow old with in the financial sector. They really had a lot going for them when I was hired years ago so I was beyond excited for that opportunity.

Fast forward to December 2023 and we at this company are all told that everything is going well and the company is only growing. This held true as far as acquisitions the parent company (my workplace) bought up until January when I was told my position had been eliminated. I knew my position was technically an "unnecessary expense" with the rise of AI...I only transferred funds to/from different accounts for our book of clients, but there were no immediately realized red flags that I could see. I do, however, see them clearly now. -_-

I was the 1st of my team to be let go and I was devastated. I had never been laid off or even fired before from any position I've held. I had helped this company streamline many processes and recordkeeping so this hit pretty hard. I punched a wall after muting myself on the conference call with the department president & HR and I was left fuming.

Looking back, it was a great thing to happen as I was starting to be increasingly unhappy with how we/my old coworkers were being treated at that company after we were thrown into working with one of our acquisitions. Just the fact I couldn't leave on my own terms really sucked. I see now that I should have started submitting job applications in mid 2023 when things were turning ever so slightly hostile in the work environment.
-
Anyhow, I have landed a position that I start tomorrow! FINALLY. After hundreds of applications and many days spent glued to my computer filtering out crappy/scam job listings on any job board you can think of.

I accepted the offer last Tuesday and my start date is tomorrow. Despite all this, I don't think it's fully hit me that I'm no longer unemployed. I feel like I'm moving in slow motion, nothing makes sense, and nothing at all feels real especially today. Almost like I've disassociated from this all.

How do I adjust quickly to starting tomorrow morning? 

It's remote work, which I've done for my previous job, but it feels so different now. Excellent leadership, a company that seems to really value their employees, and they are firm in not being bought out by larger competitors including my previous employer.

What is this dream I'm living in? Help.
---------------19---------------
Title: Severance + CA WARN act
Selftext: Does anyone know if the 60 days from CA WARN act apply on TOP of severance upon a tech layoff?
---------------20---------------
Title: Companies should do this to avoid outsourcing or fight against outsourcing
Selftext: Somebody shared this [link](https://usitcompanyreversedoutsourcingdeal.blogspot.com/2025/03/genpact-www.html) with me. I think this is one of the good example that other US Workers can try out to avoid outsourcing or to hold on their jobs. Make it difficult for giant IT companies to outsource the jobs to Offshore destinations. Never share knowledge with anybody.

Medium sized Shutterfly somehow pushed Indian Giant IT company to take over all the US IT operations.

Trump should levy tariffs on outsourcing at the first place not on anything else. Trump might be a good friend of Indian PM Modi but this rush to outsourcing must stop at the first place. 

Outsourcing and Visa are taking away all the jobs. I recently lost my job and I can tell you job market is really really tough.

Otherwise one day there won't be any IT jobs in USA.
---------------21---------------
Title: Left in Limbo
Selftext: So, I recently had a pretty disappointing experience with a major financial institution where I applied for a role not once, but three times. I even had the support of a company recruiter, which gave me some confidence. I finally got an interview, and it went really well—or so I thought.

But here’s the kicker: It took them three whole months to get back to me, only to send a declination letter. Three months of waiting, being left in the dark, and thinking maybe I had a shot, only to be completely let down.

The lack of communication and respect for my time really showed me how little they care about the people who apply there. It’s frustrating and demoralizing, to say the least. Needless to say, I won’t be applying there again. This experience has been a lesson in how some companies treat potential employees, and I’d rather invest my time and energy somewhere else. 

Anyone else had similar experiences? How did you handle it?
---------------22---------------
Title: Europe's pharma industry braces for tariffs as carve-out hopes fadeSEIZED OZEMPIC, WEGOVY AND OTHER WEIGHT LOSS
Selftext: 
---------------23---------------
Title: Greenland’s government hits back at Donald Trump over US visit to Arctic islandUnlock the White House Watch newsletter for
Selftext: 
---------------24---------------
Title: Giant of Latin American literatureGetty ImagesMario Vargas Llosa in 1990Mario
Selftext: 
---------------25---------------
Title: Everyone keeps rubbing it in my face? How do I even respond to it?
Selftext: I recently was laid off for a job that I loved alot, I only was there 3 months but they couldn’t afford to keep employees anymore.. hours kept getting cut and they randomly just told me the night before in a text, TDLR; tomorrow is your last day. (This was last week on Tues)

I learned a lot but not enough to go out on my own, plus if they are struggling to get clients while investing thousands in marketing in this area/economy why would I try and become competition. Honestly was barely making much and driving over an hour to get there. There’s also not really anything around me, I was looking for months and got lucky to get this one.

I keep getting jokes poked at me by others saying “well you are free anytime” & “since you don’t work” - why do people think it’s funny that you have to start over to support yourself and that you’re literally struggling so badly? I don’t have money put aside or anything because I can never make enough to be able to. 

I have really bad anxiety and depression, all of this just makes me feel so much worse that I keep getting the same loop of bad luck. Like I’m also filing bankruptcy because I can’t pay any of my debts since I keep getting screwed over in life and jobs that just don’t work out..
---------------26---------------
Title: Google offers cash to quit for workers who aren't 'deeply committed'
Selftext: 
---------------27---------------
Title: RFK Jr. plans to direct CDC to stop recommending fluoride in waterHealth and Human Services (HHS)
Selftext: 
---------------28---------------
Title: The Job market is picking up!!!
Selftext: The job market is gradually improving, especially for candidates in engineering, tech, and those with PhDs and Master's degrees. Many are receiving job offers! Although salaries are 20% to 30% lower than they were 8-9 months ago, hang in there kids—we're back in business, kids!
---------------29---------------
Title: If you’ve been laid off have you had any luck with all those “government sector jobs” that had been showing up in the jobs data?
Selftext: When I looked at them I was surprised that some roles have age caps because of pension/retirement eligibility requirements. In general I got no responses.
---------------30---------------
Title: One of you now
Selftext: I thought I was safe. I thought what I was doing was crucial to the company. Turns out both my manager and their manager had no clue what I really do and decided my position was no longer needed. I was in the middle of multiple internal and client facing projects with other departments though. I had been with the team longer than anyone else and had the most institutional knowledge. It’s bizarre these companies will invest time and money into someone and then toss them leading to loss of money because there’s now a lack of skill and knowledge. I’ve heard they’re now seeking professional services to make up for my departure. That’s going to cost more and be less effective than just keeping me employed. Jackasses.
---------------31---------------
Title: I built this site to share layoff stories!
Selftext: Hi everyone, I was laid off a few months ago. I decided to build this site to share our stories and keep motivated as we go through this difficult time together.  

Let me know what you think and please share your stories! Thank you!

[https://www.layoffstories.co/](https://www.layoffstories.co/)
---------------32---------------
Title: If this helps anyone
Selftext: [removed]
---------------33---------------
Title: Chipmaker Qualcomm lays off hundreds of workers in San Diego
Selftext: 
---------------34---------------
Title: Laid off in December, now company wants to contract me to fix things that are breaking
Selftext: My former employer laid me off in December. Now, two months later, they are asking if I would be interested in contract work with them to help fix some of the data workflows that are breaking because they don’t know what they’re doing and I was the only one managing the workflows.

My pride says to tell them to piss off. But some extra income would also be nice. I just got an offer for another job this week. Should I take the contract work and charge 2x my former hourly rate? 3x? 4x?
---------------35---------------
Title: Foxtrot announces bankruptcy, closing all 35 stores
Selftext: 
---------------36---------------
Title: HR person messaged and asked for a quick meeting next Monday. Should I prepare for a layoff?
Selftext: Got this message yesterday from someone in HR. I've been out of office since yesterday, coming back on Monday, and had a 15 min meeting put on my calendar for Monday afternoon. It's just the HR person and me in the meeting, no manager. What do you all think, should I go ahead and polish my resume? 🥲

"Hi [my name], not sure if we've met before, but "hello" !  I was wondering if I could have about 10 minutes of your time?  I will put a quick meeting on your calendar if that works for you..."
---------------37---------------
Title: Elon Musk accused of rage quitting while live-streaming a video game after repeatedly dying and being mercilessly cyberbullied by viewers- Elon Musk, the world's most influential
Selftext: 
---------------38---------------
Title: We May or May not have Hired
Selftext: This clause was lame.  We may have hired or not. So we essentially wasted your time for not caring about your application.
---------------39---------------
Title: Career Changes post layoff
Selftext: My 20's felt like a roller coaster in my career and towards the end of it I finally thought that I found my place. I am in biotech and was working in a small company I liked, as an application scientist after my masters degree.

I was doing well, compensated appropriately, engaged with my work, loved my manager and teammates and was even on-track for a promotion!

Until a bigger corporate entity swallowed us and then laid off 60% of the whole company including me.

I actually got lucky and landed a job almost immediately afterwards, abit at a lower salary with less engaging work.

I'm doing alright for now but going through that whole process and looking at the job market in general has gotten me to reconsider my life's trajectory and career paths.

I've considered going back to school to pivot into something related to public health because government or healthcare jobs seem more stable. Seeing how quickly the rug can get pulled out from under you in the private industry has me shook. 

Has anyone else considered a career change or re-direction after a layoff or in these dark times? Just looking for ideas and to start a discussion for those in a similar boat.
---------------40---------------
Title: Wouldn't the American Economy crash with massive layoffs
Selftext: The style of excel sheet based profit maximisation technique is hitting hard. Laying off people who are the core of the product and company, and off shoring everything is bad.

Do the investors and Boses have any long term vision in their mind, not every company has to show a green profit cell for every quarter, if there is constant revenue flow, its fine. 

If the core of the teams are laid off, then who would buy the products. People in developing countries (I don't want to name countries because of reddit censor policies), only use free products, they don't want to pay for any service. Its only people in developed nations who pay for services and software.

This mindless chasing of profit will crash the economy of the developed world. Especially America, if the US economy crashes it will take the whole world down. Whatever people mock or say about the US, the American economy churns the world. It is because of US and the great visionaries that build the great country, that people like me on the farther end of the world, can have 3 meals a day. 

The act of offshoring everything is purely mindless. This will lead to a state, where no new ideas can come into existence, there is a lot of difference between a engineer who has intent to create something new, and another engineer who just wants to earn big money. The invention cycle will stall. Consumption will stall suddenly.  And developing  world will run into chaos, and again this will start illegal mass migration to developed countries. It will be a race to the bottom.

Its high time, that people at top needs to rethink or be changed. No one lives a happy life in a chaotic, spiralling down world.
---------------41---------------
Title: Experience with Mapbox layoff ?
Selftext: I am in middle of hiring process with them,

and some knowledge who has worked there  
told me that they setup a new round of layoff in 2024.

They did one round of layoff in 2023 too....

It looks a a bit scary... and just wondering what should I do (ie continue or not) ?
---------------42---------------
Title: Latest Layoff News Tracker: 2023 in Review; Intel, EY, General Motors - Globe Wire
Selftext: 
---------------43---------------
Title: Do I take the job?
Selftext: I got laid off on June 1st.  


A little background - I started at my previous job over 8 year ago. I worked my way up to a manager position and was making around $76-80k. I unfortunately got laid off due to a reduction in force and my last day was June 1st. Since then, I’ve applied to hundreds of jobs and got 2 interviews (one I got to the final, but I unfortunately didn’t get it ). 

My old boss (whom I love dearly and is one of my closest friends) and several other coworkers took jobs at this startup in the same industry I was in (vacation rentals). After I got laid off, I did not want to work in that industry again. It’s very volatile and seems to be a sinking ship. Out of desperation, I reached out to my old boss. The only position that is available is a $20/hr agent position, where someone I used to manage would actually be my boss. My old boss says that she thinks this position would be temporary and I would move up quickly, but it’s not guaranteed. 


I know I need a job, and any income is better than none, but I can’t bring myself to accept this job. It’ll be barely more than I’m making with unemployment, and my quality of life would take a huge hit. It’s a giant step backwards, which makes me feel all my years of growing was for nothing. Do I take this job because it’s my only option? Or do I keep applying? 

For reference, I have quite a bit in savings (5 months worth) and 20 weeks of unemployment left. 

Any advice or input would be greatly appreciated.
---------------44---------------
Title: Good sign or bad sign for interview?
Selftext: What does it mean if I was interviewed by the hiring manager last week and today was the interview with his regional direct reports who will potentially be my peers? This is the one hour meeting that occurred today that went over 30 minute making it 90 minutes total. I remember when I interviewed people I would talk with them then ask my leads to check them out. So now I am wondering if it is a good sign?
---------------45---------------
Title: How Much of Your Life Do we Spend Job Hunting? A Thought on Unemployment Statistics
Selftext: Hey Reddit, I was crunching some numbers and had a thought about unemployment. If the unemployment rate is ~4.5% and you work from age 24 to 67 (43 years), the average person might spend roughly 1 year and 11 months of their life looking for work. For those with higher education, it’s probably closer to 1 year. Their unemployment rate is lower. 

But here’s where it gets interesting: how is this time distributed? Are there people who are chronically unemployed and skew the stats? Unable and unwilling to work? How long does it usually take to find a job after a layoff? Weeks, months, years? And what about people who are job hunting while still employed—do they mess with the numbers since they’re not counted as unemployed? If not, searching is much harder than it appears. 

How would you even model this? Where do you find reliable data to dig deeper? Curious to hear your thoughts or if anyone’s seen studies on this!
---------------46---------------
Title: More layoffs it seems (US and India Market)
Selftext: Situation is bad even here in my home country (India). Interesting article.
---------------47---------------
Title: Eminem’s former sound engineer charged with selling the rapper’s unreleased music for BitcoinA former sound engineer for award-winning rapper
Selftext: 
---------------48---------------
Title: Boyfriend rejected policing, no experience in anything else
Selftext: My boyfriend was an officer in 2 states before joining a nonprofit, he was laid off after 8 months when they cut all the staff.

He’s  applied to policing jobs but keeps getting rejected, likely because he’s been out of it for so long, we’re not sure why honestly.

He doesn’t have enough corporate experience to go back to that world, especially after the layoff.

What do we do? 

TLDR: boyfriend is only qualified to be a cop and even they wont hire him.
---------------49---------------
Title: Respond to rejection email?
Selftext: I had a rough week re: rejection. I was in 4th round interviews for two jobs, one had even run my references. I thought job search hell was almost over. Then, I was rejected from both roles on the same day. To their credit, the hiring manager from each role was the one to reach out, with a personalized email. 

Do I have some kind of responsibility to respond to these emails? I mean, I know I don't TECHNICALLY have to, but part of me feels like not responding is saying a lot. Another part of me is too upset to respond. I know it's a small world and all, but it seems unlikely that these two particular relationships will ever matter in the future. 

And if I do respond, what do I say? I'm assuming I can't say "Thanks for letting me know, I've devastated". Any suggestions are welcome.
---------------50---------------
Title: AI Clones at work
Selftext: Oh boy, here we go. I wonder how far a leap it would be to gather all documented data one leaves behind when RIF'd and spin up one these doohickeys.
---------------51---------------
Title: Walking in with resume to get a job?
Selftext: My eldest child was recently laid off from an IT position in the fall and has not yet found any new work despite sending out his resume, networking on LinkedIn as well as seeking recruiters
There are two IT positions within a 50 miles radius that he is overqualified for and he was thinking of walking into their offices and presenting his resume. Thoughts? What should he say to them if they decide to just give him the cliche,”Someone will get back to you”, etc?
---------------52---------------
Title: Tech Layoff/Hiring Survey
Selftext: Hey, I would really appreciate if you take a few minutes to complete this survey. Thank you all and have a great evening.
---------------53---------------
Title: Furloughs at Work and Feeling Anxious About Being Next
Selftext: Just need to vent a little. My job recently did a round of furloughs and reduced schedules for half of the employees. They said the furloughed employees can come back in a month, but there might be a phase 2 of cuts. Supposedly, the ones affected in phase 1 won’t be touched in phase 2, but honestly, that doesn’t make me feel much better.

I’m so scared I’ll be next, especially with how bad the job market is right now. The weird thing is, I just got a promotion two weeks ago, so it doesn’t really make sense for them to promote me if they couldn’t afford to keep me, right? I’m trying to stay calm, but it’s tough not to worry.
---------------54---------------
Title: What is the severance most firms are offering?
Selftext: Tech like Amazon?
financial firms like J.P. Morgan?
Just curious what kind of severance is offered.
---------------55---------------
Title: Scared for Industry Shift Because of Potential Layoffs after shift.
Selftext: I work in non-profit right now, and it’s rare to get laid off in non-profit. 

However, I don’t want to be in Non-profit anymore but there is an underlying fear of what a layoff looks like l never experiencing one, and it’s holding me back from applying to other jobs and getting out of non-profit.

Is there a way to look at it that makes me less nervous?
---------------56---------------
Title: Saylor’s Strategy to register $5.9 billion loss after accounting changeMichael Saylor’s Strategysaid it will register
Selftext: 
---------------57---------------
Title: Full-Remote Layoffs
Selftext: I'm curious to see if there is a correlation between where someone physically works and their odds of a being laid off. Sorry if somebody has already done this.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/1addbvz)
---------------58---------------
Title: Is there any hope for future STEM grads?
Selftext: Asking as the parent of a teen who's dead set on going into CS, it's his passion and he's very gifted in it.  Just a couple of years ago it sounded like such great potential. But now it's all changed, seeing everything that's happening with tech layoffs, reading here and in the csmajors and recruitinghell subs, is really discouraging. Sounds like the industry will be decimated by AI and offshoring and any other numbers related fields like finance aren't far behind.

So what hope is there for the young people planning for the future nowadays?? Everyone only keeps talking trades but not everyone can go into medicine or trades or work a physical job - my son is someone who absolutely can't, nor would I want that for him as these are typically dangerous, physically demanding fields that wear and tear on your health. Is there no hope for the future for people who want to work with their brains, not their hands? Are we going to be the next India, with people living in slums while doing highly qualified work for pennies? I'm having trouble visualizing the future for our kids and it's frankly terrifying. Do you foresee a field of tech that may be more lucrative or resistant to cuts? Please give me some hope.
---------------59---------------
Title: Layoff/New job posting
Selftext: I laid off more than a year ago and obviously I’ve been looking for job since. Recently I realized most of the job openings I see n last week are about the companies interviewed me and after that they got disappeared with no email/call to let me know about the interview result. The jobs literally are the same tittle and job description. I really don’t know what is going on. Any thoughts?
---------------60---------------
Title: Got laid off, made a game called You Got Laid Off (PT.2 Update)
Selftext: Hey layoff squad - previously posted about our game [here ](https://www.reddit.com/r/Layoffs/comments/1etbjvz/got_laid_off_made_game_called_you_got_laid_off_lol/)and people here seemed to resonate so thought y'all might be interested in the new gameplay footage we have baha: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=legvKwRSfEo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=legvKwRSfEo)

would love any feedback or suggestions based on your experiences being laid off too haha (previous post tl;dr - im a game designer that got laid off and made a linkedin job application clicker game/interactive story with a laid off dev friend)
---------------61---------------
Title: I got laid today
Selftext: Just like the main title says I wasn’t expecting it at all. Man, I don’t even know how to feel right now. It all happened so fast. One minute, I was just going about my normal routine, and the next—boom. It was happening. I mean, I knew it was coming at some point, but damn.

It started early this morning. I had a feeling something was off. There were subtle signs. The way people were acting around me. The way my heart was racing, like deep down, I knew today was going to be different. Then I got the call. My stomach dropped. My hands started sweating. I tried to act cool, but let’s be real—there’s no way to fully prepare for something like this.

When the moment finally arrived, it was surreal. I was nervous as hell, but at the same time, I knew there was no backing out. It was happening whether I was ready or not. Words were exchanged. Expectations were laid out. There was some back and forth. It wasn’t the most passionate experience, but it was direct, efficient, and honestly kind of clinical. Before I knew it, it was over.

I took a deep breath. Just like that, everything changed. I stood up, feeling different somehow. A little empty, but also relieved in a weird way. Like a weight had been lifted off me. I collected myself, gathered my things, and walked out of the room to rinse off 

After everything, I just needed to lie down for a bit—process it all. I stared up at the ceiling, replaying the events in my head. It was official. No turning back now.

Anyway, yeah. I got laid…
---------------62---------------
Title: Worst Interview Experience You’ve Ever Had?
Selftext: I’ve been having a really rough time in the job market. I’m 28 and have been unemployed for 9 months. My full time job has been looking for roles and, honestly, it’s been so rough. However, today, I just thought about the worst interview experience I’ve ever had and it made me laugh and think that I haven’t had it so terrible during this time.

Here’s my worst Interview Experience:

I had moved to a huge city (extremely expensive) to be with a partner at the time. I had transferred schools to a local University, sold my car, and saved up to get to that city from my home town. I had tried to apply and interview, remotely, ahead of my move. However, many jobs rejected me. I honestly think before Covid, they wouldn’t have even given me the time of day. 

Anyways, I had moved to this huge city from a very small town. I had no car, and would have to rely on public transportation. Once I got to the new city, I had gotten a better response in interviews and had decided to try for a Property Management job (Part time). This apartment complex was in the city’s down town area, and I was forced to take public transportation, alone, for the first time. 

I was determined to get a job, and felt some pressure from myself and my partner at the time. I made sure to leave the apartment early that day to be sure I could have some cushion in case I got lost. The city streets were so busy but luckily, I was able to navigate and get myself to the right stops. Once I got to the final stop, I had to walk a few blocks to the actual apartment complex.

This is where I realized what kind of area the apartment complex was, and started to think about how scary it would be to get out of work in the evening and bus back home. The streets were busy, but there were so many people that were unhoused and on the streets. Yelling, cussing, people trying to get me to stop just to talk to them. I did my best to pay no attention and push through the streets to get the building. Just one block away I noticed a bald man with large backpack walking towards my way. I had, at the same time, noticed another man who was unhoused walking very close behind me. I tried not to pay either of them any attention and not assume anything bad. As the bald man came closer to us, I then realized he had a huge gash in his head with blood dripping down his face. I was shocked, but tried to keep a poker face, until the unhoused man next to me started to freak out. That’s when I knew I should be worried too lol. My anxiety went up, and I was trying to figure where he had come from and if there was a threat, and what I would do if there was one. I ended up getting to the office building, quickly, and tried to ignore this deep sense of anxiety. I let the front desk know I was there for an interview with the Manager. The person at the front desk went to the back for a few minutes and came back out to say the manager sent even there and was off that day for their daughter’s graduation.

I was so upset. I had to bus at least 45 minutes to get to that part of town, and was so anxious just to make it to the office, let alone the interview I had spent days to prepare for. At the same time, I couldn’t imagine how it would feel to have to leave work during the evening and bus home with so much going on in that area and some obvious safety concerns being a woman and walking alone at night as well as taking public transport. I was about 20/early 21 and maybe 110 lbs soaking wet. In hindsight, it was for the best lol.
---------------63---------------
Title: I always tell this to people, how do you know a company has high turnover? How do you know if the employees are paid a living wage?
Selftext: One of the very simplest and easiest methods, and if you can find a way of not being so easily visible possibly putting a small camera in your hand and then hold it sideways to record the type of vehicle and the license plates or get a drone LOL and from above you can actually get a snapshot of all the cars in the parking lot I'm making note of the make and model. Come back 6 months later, take the same snapshot of all the cars and the employees parking lot. And then compare the vehicles of the original snapshot. If one or two have changed, that's usually a good sign, that the employees within the company have not left or been replaced. Maybe they've been replaced through retirement. I know it sounds like spying but if the company is not willing to divulge information within the company, it's one of the ways to know should I work for that company. The second is look at the make and model and the condition of the vehicle. Once I was walking across the top level parking of sap headquarters in Vancouver British Columbia. All the vehicles were much newer they're all within 1 to 5 years old and they were upper little level nicer models of vehicles so I knew they were making good wages. Another company and Bellingham that makes kayaks, all the condition of those vehicles were s*** they were in terrible condition so I knew the wages had to be close to minimum wage.
---------------64---------------
Title: People who wont make it back into the tech industry?
Selftext: Saw a similar question in another subreddit. But how many people do you guys think wont make it back into the tech industry?

Im going on a year now, and that gap is starting to become completely impossible to get hired with. Im in a blessed position and can live off my savings for the time being, but might need to get any job in any industry soon.  

Other laid off people will also need to get another job in another industry eventually to pay the bills.

Once they've been out of the industry for a while, I imagine they wont be hireable back into tech/software.

I think we are also a long way, maybe many years, from the covid-era job market, where there was plenty of jobs for everyone.  

Do you guys think some people wont make it back into the industry?
---------------65---------------
Title: Arkham Airdrop Reloaded: $1400-$4200 Up for Grabs
Selftext: [removed]
---------------66---------------
Title: "Statistics show that 48% of employees suffer from layoff anxiety"
Selftext: I'm not sure about the accuracy of this stat, but with all of the trends and events in the job market, I bet it's much more than that. The problem is that fear is turning it into a reality for many employees who aren't even going to be laid off by causing increased errors, dissatisfaction, and waking up every morning with the fear of receiving a layoff notice in your inbox. You shouldn't live with this fear everyday and better let it come as it is. You can check these [7 psychological tips](https://upperclasscareer.com/how-to-overcome-the-fear-of-getting-fired-from-work/) to cope with this stress and what to do in case this is a reality and you're about to be laid off!!
---------------67---------------
Title: Anti-Americanism is a mug’s gameUnlock the White House Watch newsletter for
Selftext: 
---------------68---------------
Title: Requested a vacation after being informed of layoff
Selftext: I was informed last week, that I am getting laid off. My last day will likely be end of March. Seeing as I have unlimited PTO thats about to go to waste, I requested a week off in February. This has been denied! I can only laugh.
---------------69---------------
Title: Are job board suggestions broken?
Selftext: In this day and age of the AI. Linkedin along with many popular job boards (portals) are still not able to suggest correct job titles. More than 50% of the recommended or suggested titles are garbage. While they offer AI services for almost every job related need. Am I missing sth? Or searching in the wrong space?
---------------70---------------
Title: The Future of Bungie and Destiny 2 After Massive Layoffs
Selftext: 
---------------71---------------
Title: Help I just got Laid off from an engineering job I liked
Selftext: So I’m new to the job industry only working part time previously, I’m 20 years old and found a job that seemed pretty interesting title Trainee engineer, I got along with everyone but when it came down to doing my job I was promised training so they put me with another new guy and I told them that he wasn’t training me the best not letting me get hands on etc fast forward 2 weeks the director has had to let me go due to poor performance it was hard saying goodbye to people even the secretary shed a tear when she found out. Just wondering how I move on from this?
---------------72---------------
Title: Need a lobbying group to fight offshoring
Selftext: Who would fund it tho?
---------------73---------------
Title: Xi Jinping’s jaunt through Southeast Asia is ‘a reassurance and a warning’ to trading partners as the region is caught between the U.S. and ChinaAs the U.S.
Selftext: 
---------------74---------------
Title: Bryan Kohberger case: Audio of 911 call released in Idaho student murdersJoin Fox News for access to this content Plus
Selftext: 
---------------75---------------
Title: Multimillionaire ‘Star Wars’ star John Boyega played hard to get in his interview with J.J. Abrams—even though he had just $15 in his bank account- Before he was a multimillionaire Star Wars
Selftext: 
---------------76---------------
Title: Layoff Experience
Selftext: Hi. I just got laid off for the first time. It happened exactly after six months of being hired. It happened due to restructuring after the merger. Although my company was the surviving entity, yet many people were laid off on our side. I sent an email to the CEO and my manager to share the experience since it was really weird. I will share the email here and I would like to know if this is how layoffs are normally like?

[Email to CEO](https://preview.redd.it/9mx6wsojaxuc1.png?width=1856&format=png&auto=webp&s=b8e763fb3099b95bc97127672810c3cf4cd43446)
---------------77---------------
Title: Laid off 3 Times
Selftext: I work in the oil industry. In 1999 I got divorced my ex-wife got the house. She had another man move in two months before our divorce. I was so devastated and depressed I got hooked on prescription drugs. I got caught by the company being wasted at work. The company sent me to rehab. I passed 23 drug tests in 18 months. One week before my 40th day I was laid off. I had to sell my second house, for $10,000 loss. 
I refused to give up. I worked crappy contractors jobs. Finally, I found a solid job. 
Went back to school to get MS. I saved my money because I knew I could get laid off again.  2015 laid off again. I was lucky and found another job within in month. 
Don’t give up and take what ever job you can. The economy will come back as the jobs will come back. Always believe in yourself!
---------------78---------------
Title: Nearly 300 laid off at Maple Heights distributor
Selftext: 
---------------79---------------
Title: Position eliminated with demotion offer at less pay
Selftext: I worked for my current employer loyally for over 25 years making my way up the ranks. But now, because of the economy and current trends, my position is being eliminated. They’re saying I can be terminated or accept a demotion with a pay decrease. I was already barely scraping by, and have health concerns. Should I stay a look for something new at the lowered pay, or accept a severance and spend my time trying to find something new? It’s been so long since out on the job market, so feeling lost! I admit, I’m nervous since I see so many saying it’s hard to find a good job right now. What should I do?
---------------80---------------
Title: Finite resources mean that humanity must undergo a "great reset" of declining population & consumption. There's no substitute for the finite resources that generated so much prosperity and growth
Selftext: UBI will replace most jobs

Smart meters will restrain energy use

Private transport is being slowly phased out

Air travel is being slowly phased out

Shrinkflation, Plastic-free, Vegan

Housing shortages drive down birth rates

Immigration conceals low birth rates

Increasing age limits for tobacco, alcohol, phones etc.

Physical businesses replaced by limited deliveries

New clothing replaced by used/repaired clothing

------

Everything above and much more is the Low Consumption Agenda, which will be gradually imposed on societies who will believe it's about saving the planet and improving their well-being...
---------------81---------------
Title: Need to vent
Selftext: I just got another rejection. I don't know how many this is at this point. 

I interviewed with the IT director for a smaller engineering firm last month. We had a great interview. I was the first candidate interviewed and he guaranteed me a second interview right off the bat, which was a great sign. Then I interviewed with the IT Manager and we had a lot in common and the interview went super well. I thought this would be the one! 

This process took over a month and it's super frustrating to have to wait that long to get a generic email from their HR. "We appreciate your time, attentiveness and patience throughout the interview process. We did have several highly qualified candidates for this role, and it has been a difficult decision, but we have chosen to pursue another candidate who we feel is best qualified."

I have over 10 years of experience in IT, haven't job-hopped (so they know I would stick around) and I was more than qualified for this position. I don't know what to do at this point. My unemployment is running out quickly and starting to slip into depression. 

Thanks for listening and letting me vent.
---------------82---------------
Title: How to quiet quit and stay on as long as possible?
Selftext: I don’t really see a future at the company I currently work for.

- I was lied to about what I was going to work on when I joined . Was told I’d be involved in ml engineering but frankly all I’ve done is Data Engineering work and refactoring data pipelines 

-was told there would be educational / conference budget; that has been slashed and is non existent. Even in person regular meetups for planning once a quarter hasn’t happened for a while 

-no code reviews or agile processes; everything is ad hoc. I haven’t had a code review done on my work in months and no one does code reviews regardless

I’m pretty fed up and I’ve realized the longer I stay the more I’ll stagnate.

How can I elongate this as long as possible so I have to time for find something else?
---------------83---------------
Title: Understanding JavaScript Variables Is Easy With A Simple Lunchbox Analogy
Selftext: 
---------------84---------------
Title: Contacted by headhunter filling a junior level of my old position
Selftext: In 2014 I was recruited by a head hunter for a large logistics company. There was some back and forth on the hiring because my asking salary was higher than they wanted to pay, but after a couple more weeks they decided I’d be worth it. 

They brought me on as a contractor for hire, then converted me to FT, but then they converted me, they gave me $5k less than we had originally agreed to (verbally).

It turned out to be a good fit, but I always suspected I was paid higher than my peers - in fact, a few years in they had to give me a new title having “principal” in it to go along with my management/bonus level, and I was the only one in my organization with this title - my peers were all “leads.”

When COVID hit, I was immediately notified I’d be furloughed for all of Q2 (4/1-6/30), but my boss was so buried, they brought me back after 6 weeks instead of 13. 

 In October 2021 though, I was laid off. I quickly found a new job that worked out well, and I’ve been there since. In hindsight, it shouldn’t have surprised me; they’d been bringing in more and more junior people into urban having the same role, but they had absolutely no experience. 

So Friday, I got an email from that same head hunter company recruiting for the same “lead-version” title that I had at the last company. I’m really shocked. I can only imagine they only got the key word matches and didn’t bother to look at my employment history. 

So now I’m curious.  I’ve always assumed the junior people they were bringing in could be being paid as little as half of what they were paying me. 

I’m considering calling the recruiter tomorrow and directly asking what the pay is just to know, before even telling them I’d had the job before. At this point I wouldn’t be surprised if it’s the same hiring manager. 

Thoughts?  WWYD?
---------------85---------------
Title: Vimeo CEO says he wasn’t allowed to use adverbs when he was working at Amazon—here’s why he thinks it helps companies to not ‘lose their way’- Philip Moyer says his stint at Amazon was one
Selftext: 
---------------86---------------
Title: Economy of Envy, pt II — "We Promote Our Own"
Selftext: Money. Success. Our careers.

Why do I get passed up for the job offer? Why isn't my business successful like my friends'? Why was I laid off and not others? Why does it seem so certain that I'll be renting apartments the rest of my life?

Hey all, subtle energy sociology guy here. I wrote an intro to this that you can check out by searching "Economy of Envy." I'm here to give an energetic perspective on why some people are handed success and easy money — while others fight to simply exist.

It has nothing to do with talent. And everything to do with who's holding the reins.

Check out r/ jobs. Seriously, give it a glance. I had to add a space in otherwise this post gets removed, so simply type this subreddit in without the space and you're good.

Click a few posts. Look at how some people can send out applications for months, or more than a year, with zero luck. Highly qualified candidates with plenty of experience in their field. Yet they are avoided by employers like the plague. Even Walmart and fast food evade them. Like they have a target on their heads.

Now check out r/ salary. Look at what some people get paid. Hundreds of thousands a year, many of them barely 30 years old. Invariably they mention something akin to "networking" being key to them having "lucked out." Important keywords relating to what we're about to explore.

Let's take a quick look into a few of the conventional ways people "network and luck out" before we get into the juicy stuff.

 &nbsp;

**"We Promote Our Own"**

 &nbsp;

Here's an easy one. Nepotism.

Most of us assume it trends towards the obvious. A father placing his son in an elevated role, regardless of talent or skillset. Or a daughter, wife, husband, whoever. Pretty straightforward. We've seen this quite a bit, be it corporate or political. No one's surprised by this.

Let's go a step further into what nepotism means. It includes family as well as friends and associates. Now who might that usually entail?

Let's continue. Religion.

If you consider the legality of hiring based on religion, we understand that's usually a big no-no. You can't refuse someone based on their beliefs. But if you happen to share beliefs with a candidate, might you be somewhat warmer in your perception of them?

I'm phrasing this lightly, for what I'm alluding to is anything but accidental.

A resume isn't likely to mention religion but if you go to the same church, the same temple, the same unit of worship, you're fairly likely to be aware of each other.

I grew up with a few Mormons who were some of my best friends all throughout my primary schooling. It was made apparent they will always hire, promote and enrich those who share their creed. Above anyone else. No matter what.

This was made crystal clear when Mitt Romney ran for President. These friends admitted bluntly, this is who we have to vote for. This is what's going to happen. It wasn't questioned in the slightest.

I have nothing against Mormons. They're truly a kind bunch. This was simply the first time in my life I realized that people of certain belief systems relentlessly promote their own. Without question.

Let's make this a little spicier. Consider Freemasonry.

Freemasonry is not a fairy tale. The mere mention of it does not ensure that a conspiracy is to follow. Let's approach this in as grounded a way as we can.

In most every town and city in the country, if not the Western world, there is a Freemasonry lodge. If this sounds too outlandish to be true, I encourage you to use your favorite fact-finding tools to derive the truth of this claim. It's been around more than a few hundred years, long before the U.S. was ever founded.

It's widespread. This is reality.

At the most basic level of what Freemasonry is, even the most tight-lipped Mason will claim that it is nothing more than a drinking club for old farts (they love to downplay themselves). Where the wealthy and powerful congregate to "build better men," as the slogan goes. You won't find a single Mason who claims otherwise. Sure sounds folksy, doesn't it.

Now let's think for a moment. What potential is there in drinking and rubbing elbows with the wealthy and powerful in your community? Is there a chance that doing so might result in certain advantages for you?

The answer is, clearly, yes. Who would dispute it? Networking 101.

Though there's something I should make clear about Freemasons in general.

Masons work with stone. This goes all the way back to the masons of Solomon's Temple. The creation of mammoth temples and castles depends upon the expert placement of each and every stone. Freemasonry extends this notion and designates each and every person who joins to be a stone that builds upon one another. No matter how small a role you play, you are intrinsic to a solid foundation.

As such, there is a strong sense of solidarity and unison amongst their ranks. Not only because they share a common watering hole, but because it is the basis of their union. In a very literal sense.

Stones must be expertly carved and laid upon each other for the Grand Work to be completed.

As such, it is paramount that those under this umbrella work carefully place those who share their vision. In precisely the spots they need to be. As is the basic operating procedure of the premise.

These are not my theories. These are the tenets of Freemasonry.

Do your own research. Or ask a Mason yourself. What I've shared here is nothing farfetched, concerning Masonic lore. I would be intrigued to see a Mason do the mental gymnastics required to reproach what I've shared with you today.

 &nbsp;

**Reveal the Truth of your Peers through Energetic Analysis**

 &nbsp;

I feel I should throw in a tidbit of my own signature strangeness before we move on.

As I alluded to above, I am the "subtle energy sociology" guy. What that means is, I use a particular technology which is simple to make that allows one to map out the energetic dynamic of a particular person. All that's needed is for these individuals to share proximity with this tech for a moment or two.

Freemasons of a high enough level have a very particular energetic signature, which a number of folks who engage with such technology have measured and corroborated. Which is pretty impressive if they're nothing more than a drinking club. For a drinking club to change your intrinsic energetic signature . . .  that would have to be one hell of a club.

Freemasonry is but one of a plethora of "fraternal" cults that run rampant through our various societies. All of which endeavor to place their people throughout each and every industry. All such groups have their own signature frequencies, which can be measured by anyone with the proper tool and technique.

So I have to ask, if you find yourself curious. If I were to give you the tool and technique, would you dare to confirm my findings?

What do you have to lose?

Well, a lot, actually.

Because once you see the truth, the truth sees you back.

To some, that might be worth it. Because you'll know, the problem doesn't reside in you.

 &nbsp;

**Contemplation**

 &nbsp;

I wrote this post to get you thinking. Why are certain people chosen to be hired, promoted or simply not laid off over others?

Some of these reasons are easy to accept. We've seen it in the news, our personal lives . . .

One such reason is nepotism.

Some of them stand just outside the realm of the conventionally acceptable. This includes Freemasonry, the little big secret of how the movers and shakers choose who rises the ranks.

It's worth knowing that there are factors beyond your resume that determine who gets the job.

But it's so much more than that. There are factors at play which most would never guess at. Because the system we exist in is designed to have us blame ourselves, or capitalism, or anything but the core of the issue.

"You're not good enough. They're better than you. You're doing it wrong. The industry is rough."

Too rough to hire you. But others, no problem.

Why is that?

Guess they got lucky.

We're expected to accept any number of oft-repeated excuses as to why we cannot thrive, succeed or even live comfortably.

There's always an intangible boogeyman that makes it easy for us to accept our suffering. Something too far away to affect. An invisible ocean, the likes of which we can't help but be subjected to and seemingly have no hope of positively affecting. We're expected to face our families, our children, and parrot off these empty-sounding excuses that do nothing to soothe them.

Do you ever wake up and feel a vice upon your heart?

A noose around your future?

It's by design.

It's not a personal shortcoming. It's the hoped-for outcome of the system we find ourselves in. The innocents, the uninitiated are meant to writhe, to grieve, to struggle in the mud.

Only the chosen people are allowed comfort and luxury. Only those who have given themselves completely to . . .  well, if you know, you know.

 &nbsp;

**What's Next**

 &nbsp;

I have one more post to make concerning this subject.

I want to give you a way to see, affect, investigate this seemingly invisible ocean.

There's a way you can make the situation crystal clear. What's more, you can make it clear to everyone.

You can highlight a person's "signature frequency" and make them stand out to EVERYONE. Everyone with eyes to see will perceive there's something different about some of those who achieve elevated positions and fortune. Something we can't quite put our finger on but stands out from others in our circles.

Make that artificiality apparent to all. If such an endeavor calls to you.

Don't bury your head in the sand. Don't accept the blinders and willingly climb into your coffin. Trust your intuition. Feel into that depth. Your hunch is correct.

Something's up. There's nothing wrong with you. You're not lacking anything. You're genuinely worthy. I hope you feel this to be the truth.

There's an artificial economy of worth pulling the strings. The time has come to look it in the face.

You can make it tangible. If you want to.

More to come.
---------------87---------------
Title: Laid off this week
Selftext: I got laid off on Monday. Originally it was supposed to be the last week of February but I had an upper respiratory infection and was off the week. I worked as a public librarian for 2 years at rural library, so far since I been there there were little to no patrons and talks about cutting the hours along with pay cuts. My position was grant funded but had 2 million invested into the fund. I knew something was up when the fiscal officer was let go a year I started. It was a toxic work environment where the director micromanage everything and since I was new I was always the scapegoat. The director told me it's due to the federal funding cuts but I also think the library is in serious financial trouble. Am not upset about being laid off since I am looking for new jobs anyway am more upset that a public funded institution has financial issues and was not upfront about it. I was pretty much hired then told am not important or needed.
---------------88---------------
Title: New job but…
Selftext: Hi everyone 

So I got a job about two months ago. I work in marketing where I film and edit for a clothing brands’ social media accounts. 

I am enjoying the job so far, however I was just told by the employer today that that work that I have been doing isn’t getting the results they wanted and so we are shifting our focus to other types of videos. 

I’m fine with change but I’m worried about being laid off since I’m the new guy. 

I had to move halfway across the country while my wife is back on the coast. 

My current plan is that after I get through the probation period then we’ll make plans for her to move out here. 

I’m just wondering if I’m starting to see the writing on the wall at this new job and that I’ll have to go back to square one.
---------------89---------------
Title: Should I renege for a better offer, a week before my start date? Need advice, help please.
Selftext: Hi all,

I was laid off due to relocation last month and finally landed 2 offers, which I'm very excited about! However, I'm stuck in a really tough situation.

I accepted Company A's offer two weeks ago and I'm supposed to start next week. However, Company B has now presented a better offer. Both are Fortune 100 companies. If I hadn't accepted Company A's offer, I would have gone to Company B without hesitation. However, I'm very nervous about reneging on Company A since someone referred me to it, and it’s a big company.  
  
Based on the stats below, do you think it’s worth withdrawing and potentially burning a bridge with Company A? In total, I estimate there’s a \~**$20K annual difference** (considering the extra cash from the ESPP), excluding the sign-on bonus, and a **25-minute difference in commute time** (**15 minutes vs. 40 minutes).**  
  
Company A (Hybrid 3x):  
\-$200K base salary, 5-10% bonus (8% is more likely) - $10K - $20K  
\-40 minutes commute  
\-Local team (based in NY) -> This is the only advantage to Company A; there is a higher likelihood of getting promoted since it's easier to make an impact and build relationships with leaders in person.  
\-6% 401k match  
\-15 days PTO  
  
Company B (hybrid 3x):  
\-$200K base salary, 16% bonus (higher confidence in hitting 16%) - $32K  
\-$10K sign-on bonus  
\-15 minutes commute  
\-Scattered team across the US (I'm the only one in NY)  
\-6% 401k match  
\-15 days PTO  
\-ESPP (stock discount)

  
Any thoughts would be appreciated, thanks!
---------------90---------------
Title: I think I just hit rock bottom
Selftext: I’ve been unemployed for 6 months now after applying to nearly 300 jobs, 3 interviews and still nothing. My unemployment benefits just ended and I’m leaving to Asia for a month. I’m actually very nervous on how I’m going to make it this time. I’m trying to be positive and have faith but I’m starting to lose hope. How are you guys navigating through this?
---------------91---------------
Title: Discussion
Selftext: Heard that, IBM is being in large numbers for the current batch. (India)  Is that true? Is yes what would the reason be, have they any new tech hubs or departments? I also know that they'd froze hiring last season.
---------------92---------------
Title: Is anyone in the DC area getting kind of resentful of the federal workers that were laid off?
Selftext: I’m constantly getting emails and social media posts about help for federal workers that were laid off recently, but there were tons of corporate and nonprofit layoffs that happened in the city at that same time, many as a result of the federal layoffs and orders. I know it’s not their fault but it’s really frustrating being in the same abysmal job market now and constantly being told about special job fairs, career support, food resources, etc for those workers specifically.
---------------93---------------
Title: Job decline - franchise offer
Selftext: What in gods name is this? I didn’t get the job so you’re trying to sell me on owning a franchise?
---------------94---------------
Title: Layoff or Fired?
Selftext: I was “fired” from a company I was at for 2 years a few days ago. I was shocked and did not see it coming. My director and HR were on a call but would barely tell me why and they practically hung up on me unwilling to give details. I asked if it was performance related and all they said was yes. I hit my quota last quarter by 140%. Anyways the company had an all hands meeting last week with shifts in management etc. My manager messaged our team after saying “to be clear none of your jobs are in jeopardy”. I hated my manager and whoever I would ask for assistance or anything he never helped. I wonder what he did all day. I received 3 weeks severance and no clear understanding to why I was let go. The company is fully remote, so I am unsure if there were other layoffs. I feel so disrespected. I am filing for unemployment and have no idea if this way a layoff or getting “discharged.” Any thoughts?
---------------95---------------
Title: How to relief stress before THE layoff meeting?
Selftext: So it happened, as I suspected in my other psot, today I got an invitation for Friday from my boss for the meeting titled "short connect". At the same time he has a meeting scheduled with HR and he stopped talking to me and is a noticably nervous when he sees me e.g. in the meeting.

3 days to go and I can't eat and sleep. How can I relief myself waiting for the notice? What should I remember about being at the meeting?
---------------96---------------
Title: Accenture CEO Julie Sweet asks new hires what they’ve learned in the last 6 months: ‘If they can’t answer that question, we know they’re not a learner’Employers are struggling to find the best way to
Selftext: 
---------------97---------------
Title: Layed Off during Maternity Leave
Selftext: What a shitty thing. I’m having a hard time adjusting to being a mother and taking care of my baby. On top of that, I get the news that I got laid off with the severance being mere peanuts. I contacted an employment lawyer and seems like everything was legal. I feel very broken right now. It has been so hard to process and I feel like it came out of nowhere even though there were signs. I feel blindsided and feeling very down about myself. I feel worthless. I also feel like a shitty mother because I don’t know how to help my baby sometimes. I hope I’ve already hit my rock bottom but I know it’s going to be hard out there to find another job.
---------------98---------------
Title: When did the good old days of working end?
Selftext: I remember back in 2001 when the dot com burst and seeing a grown man cry when he was laid off. Before that I think mass layoffs were never done. Jobs were lucky to get 10 applicants, not thousands like it is today. You could get work you liked and could actually afford good housing and groceries.
---------------99---------------
Title: برای جلوگیری از گرفتگی لوله های فاضلاب چه کارهایی باید انجام داد
Selftext: برای جلوگیری از گرفتگی لوله‌های فاضلاب، چند راهکار ساده ولی مؤثر وجود دارد که رعایت آن‌ها می‌تواند از مشکلات بعدی جلوگیری کند:

1. جلوگیری از ورود مواد زائد

مو، چربی، ته‌مانده غذا، دستمال کاغذی و غیره را وارد لوله نکنید.

از صافی یا فیلتر در دهانه‌ی سینک، روشویی و کف‌شور استفاده کنید تا مواد جامد وارد لوله نشوند.



2. ریختن چربی در سینک ممنوع!

چربی بعد از سرد شدن سفت می‌شود و به مرور باعث گرفتگی لوله‌ها می‌شود.

چربی را در ظرف جداگانه بریزید و در سطل زباله بیندازید.



3. استفاده منظم از آب داغ

هفته‌ای یک‌بار آب داغ (نه جوش) را داخل لوله‌ها بریزید تا چربی‌ها و ذرات احتمالی شسته شوند.



4. استفاده از محلول‌های خانگی پاک‌کننده

ترکیب جوش شیرین و سرکه (نصف پیمانه جوش شیرین + نصف پیمانه سرکه) را داخل لوله بریزید، بعد از ۱۵-۲۰ دقیقه آب داغ بریزید.



5. بررسی دوره‌ای سیستم فاضلاب

اگر بوی بدی حس می‌کنید یا آب به کندی تخلیه می‌شود، زودتر اقدام کنید تا به گرفتگی کامل نرسد.



6. نصب سیفون مناسب

سیفون‌های با کیفیت مانع از برگشت بو و مواد به بالا می‌شوند و عملکرد بهتری در تخلیه دارند.




اگه خواستی می‌تونم برات یک چک‌لیست ساده درست کنم که همیشه داشته باشی.
---------------100---------------
Title: Laid off for 4 months now. Not even 1 interview.
Selftext: So i’ve been laid off from work since March from a SOC Analyst role that was eliminated. Unfortunately, i only received 2 weeks of severance which is more than i expected tbh. I’ve had my resume checked out by several people who gave me suggestions and have cleaned it up, while i have had dozens of calls from recruiters it never gets anywhere. I’ve been told my resume is solid, my experience is solid, yet I can’t manage to even get past the recruiter calls. I’ve been doubting myself and my experience lately as maybe i’m just not a good fit due to lack of experience but i’ve been an analyst for 4 years (2 years with 2 different companies). I’ve also exhausted my network as many of my friends are ex-military and also in IT but unfortunately I do not possess a clearance either (I live in the DMV area).

Not to be a pessimist here but it’s not looking too bright. Thank the lord my father has a small in home mechanic shop that i’ve been working during the meantime. The mechanic stuff i was doing many years before so i still have some knowledge on that end to at least assist with certain jobs but there is a large discrepancy in pay as I was making much more in my SOC role. Not complaining as its somewhat keeping me afloat but i have monthly debts and bills to pay that surpass my irregular pay, so every month i’m just a tad in the negative as far as finances go and have exhausted my savings.

I’m not really looking for high salary as i’ll just be happy to have a role in IT but I can’t even get a call back for a help desk role (i’ve been applying to any role in IT that aligns with my past experience). 

I’m just really trying to see if any of you have some suggestions, not really looking for a pity party or handouts. Maybe there’s something i’m unknowingly doing wrong or simply not doing. I have been using linkedin, Indeed, and zip recruiter as my main sources for job applications. Indeed is awful though lol.
