Certainly! Here are 50 suitable posts from the Blind channel that discuss mass layoffs, particularly in the technology sector, and express frustration regarding the situation:

1. **Post ID: 8300**  
   Total number of layoffs in tech industry past weeks: Amazon 18000, Google 12000, Microsoft 12000, Meta 11000, Salesforce 8000, Goldman 4000, Phillips 4000, Twitter 4000, Seagate 3000, Oracle 2000, Carvana 1500, Doordash 1250, Snap 1200, Kraken 1100, Stripe 1000, Twilio 900, Redfin 800, Lyft 700, Docusign 700, Zendesk 350, Roku 200, Chime 180, PayPal 59. This list only has confirmed and announced layoffs in most recent weeks.

2. **Post ID: 8301**  
   Meta / FB confirms layoffs. Meta Platforms Inc. will begin laying off employees on Wednesday morning, Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg told hundreds of executives on Tuesday. The coming cuts are expected to total many thousands of employees and will likely be the largest of the year to date in the tech sector.

3. **Post ID: 8302**  
   Salesforce layoffs happened on Monday. Salesforce cut hundreds of employees on Monday. TC 280K.

4. **Post ID: 8303**  
   Meta officially Starting layoff tomorrow. Meta is preparing to notify employees of large-scale layoffs this week. The layoffs are expected to affect many thousands of employees.

5. **Post ID: 8307**  
   Salesforce layoffs. Salesforce cut hundreds of employees on Monday. Close to 1000.

6. **Post ID: 8314**  
   Zucc all hands with no legs. Stay strong Metamates and hope that the metaverse doesn’t forsake you. TC - currently 0.

7. **Post ID: 8321**  
   Amazon Robotics Layoff. Check LinkedIn, seems like some RND Ai / robotics department got laid off completely, an isolated incident or more to come?

8. **Post ID: 8329**  
   Zendesk layoffs (5%). Not sure of the veracity, but saw it on Twitter. Sad if true.

9. **Post ID: 8341**  
   Meta mass layoff 2022… discuss. Facebook Parent Meta is preparing to notify employees of a mass layoff this week.

10. **Post ID: 8345**  
    Large-scale layoffs at Meta as early as Wed. The layoffs are expected to affect many thousands of employees and an announcement is planned to come as soon as Wednesday.

11. **Post ID: 8355**  
    Twitter layoffs filling my LinkedIn. Wow didn’t realize how bad the Twitter layoffs are, my LinkedIn is blowing up with Twitter ex-employees who got laid off in the last two days.

12. **Post ID: 8393**  
    3700??? Wow, didn’t think it’d be this high in Twitter. Can anyone confirm on authentic since LinkedIn stories are not something I trust.

13. **Post ID: 8397**  
    Twitter Layoff Distribution. We’ve all heard about the Twitter layoffs, but does anyone know about what roles are being laid off / are being hit the hardest?

14. **Post ID: 8455**  
    Elon Musk begins mass layoffs at Twitter. Team, In an effort to place Twitter on a healthy path, we will go through the difficult process of reducing our global workforce on Friday.

15. **Post ID: 8456**  
    Twitter layoffs 9am tomorrow. According to the email went out to employees at 5:21P PT: everyone affected will receive an email by 9AM PST Friday.

16. **Post ID: 8468**  
    Stripe took Collision course. #layoff 14%.

17. **Post ID: 8469**  
    Lyft layoffs! First stripe now Lyft, tomorrow (supposedly) Twitter. Who’s next.

18. **Post ID: 8470**  
    Dapper labs layoffs. Saw on LinkedIn they’ve cut 22% of their staff. I thought they would be one of the few in crypto to make it.

19. **Post ID: 8472**  
    STRIPE CUTTING STAFF BY 14% AS IT READIES FOR ‘LEANER TIMES’. Divisions impacted: Eng, Product, Marketing and Sales, HR.

20. **Post ID: 8479**  
    Thoughts and prayers to Twitter folks.. Elon at it what he does best.

21. **Post ID: 8482**  
    50% Twitter layoffs Friday and no wfh anymore. NEW: Elon Musk plans to eliminate ~3,700 jobs at Twitter on Friday. About half the staff.

22. **Post ID: 8487**  
    18% layoffs at Opendoor ~550 people. Severance - 10 weeks + 3 months insurance. Engineering impacted as well.

23. **Post ID: 8493**  
    Layoffs at DiSQO. 100 people being let go today!

24. **Post ID: 8494**  
    Layoffs at oci. Its on oracle blind. Decision above your manager. Includes developers. No idea how many.

25. **Post ID: 8498**  
    Amazon layoffs in AMP. If you are an Amazonian familiar with this matter, do you know which titles are affected?

26. **Post ID: 8499**  
    Zoom layoffs. Zoom has laid off technical trainers.

27. **Post ID: 8502**  
    Twitter Layoff Confirmation - Has anyone here been laid off? Confirm if you have been laid off. Until then, everything is a rumor.

28. **Post ID: 8506**  
    Elon plans mass Twitter layoffs to deny employees stock grants 10/29/22. Elon Musk plans to carry out mass Twitter layoffs as soon as TODAY in order to deny employees stock grants that were scheduled for dispersal Tuesday.

29. **Post ID: 8507**  
    Twitter layoffs before Nov 1! Elon Musk plans to carry out mass Twitter layoffs as soon as TODAY in order to deny employees stock grants that were scheduled for dispersal Tuesday.

30. **Post ID: 8508**  
    Layoff's are coming to Amazon Talent Acquisition- Soon! It started with the green-badges (contractors) 2 months ago and despite being told numerous times "all blue badges are safe, don't worry" the writing is on the wall.

31. **Post ID: 8513**  
    All tech layoffs so far. Seagate cuts 3000 employees while Philips slashes 4000. Here are the biggest US layoffs this year.

32. **Post ID: 8518**  
    Mindbody layoff 400 people. Mindbody layoff 400 people.

33. **Post ID: 8526**  
    Amazon Moonshot projects killed. Amazon Grand Challenge moonshots lab shut down 3 confidential projects.

34. **Post ID: 8545**  
    MAX ALERT 🚨 Elon to lay off 75% of Twitter. Batten down the hatches. Twitter folks, how are you feeling it?

35. **Post ID: 8553**  
    Microsoft layoffs 1000 quietly. Seems like the usual msft trimming.

36. **Post ID: 8564**  
    Layoffs at Salesforce. Salesforce lays off 90 employees.

37. **Post ID: 8566**  
    Stay away from NYDIG! Crypto trading firm NYDIG lays off about 33% of staff.

38. **Post ID: 8574**  
    Layoffs at Roku: what is happening?! Was just informed that they are firing people left and right. A lot of them being workers on visa, women etc.

39. **Post ID: 8575**  
    MX Technologies has largest layoff in history under new CEO’s blessing. Ceo at MX just held layoffs for over 200 people.

40. **Post ID: 8581**  
    Intel planning thousands of job cuts. Intel is planning a major reduction in headcount, likely numbering in the thousands, to cut costs and cope with a sputtering personal-computer market.

41. **Post ID: 8582**  
    Mass Layoff at Intel. Intel will lay off 20,000 employees.

42. **Post ID: 8584**  
    Brex laid off 11%. Who is next. Who is still hiring.

43. **Post ID: 8589**  
    Intel layoffs! Intel is planning thousands of job cuts in face of PC slowdown.

44. **Post ID: 8590**  
    Accenture T&O/Strategy layoffs this week. Today a few colleagues reached out due to being laid off.

45. **Post ID: 8591**  
    Amazon Robotics Layoffs. Just heard there have been layoffs at Amazon Robotics, any confirmation from people who work there?

46. **Post ID: 8602**  
    Peloton to lay off 500 more in effort to ‘save’ company. Peloton to lay off 500 more in effort to ‘save’ company.

47. **Post ID: 8607**  
    Boomi Layoffs. Boomi doing a mega layoff. 10% of the company... SHE GONE.

48. **Post ID: 8608**  
    ActiveCampaign layoffs. My friend told me 15% of the company was laid off, including some directors and VPs.

49. **Post ID: 8624**  
    Massive layoffs at META starts next week. Heard from an ex-colleague who is L7 at META.

50. **Post ID: 8625**  
    Onsemi layoffs announced this week. What did this team work on?

These posts reflect the widespread nature of layoffs in the tech industry and the frustration and uncertainty they bring.



posts about profit maximization.................

Certainly! Here are 20 suitable posts from the dataset that discuss profit maximization with a tone of frustration or anger, and some also mention news of mass layoffs:

1. **Post ID: 1237**  
   "Core consumer inflation up 2.4%. Meanwhile core producer inflation up 0%. Meanwhile companies are laying off employees and buying back shares. The greed has gotten out of control!"

2. **Post ID: 1511**  
   "Amazon axed more than 100 customer service managers in CEO Andy Jassy’s latest job cuts. Got to keep stock price going up."

3. **Post ID: 2063**  
   "Before, if a company did layoffs, it was a sign that they were struggling. Now everyone’s announcing it and their stock goes up, employees who stay work harder and if a role opens, employers get to scout new hires from an overflowing pool of talented people."

4. **Post ID: 2420**  
   "FANG stocks are up 60% since announcing lay offs in 2022. Now every company is doing lay offs thinking it will help their stock price similarly."

5. **Post ID: 3030**  
   "Epic Games on Thursday announced plans to eliminate 16% of its workforce, or about 830 jobs. 'For a while now, we’ve been spending way more money than we earn,' CEO Tim Sweeney wrote in a memo to employees."

6. **Post ID: 3520**  
   "We usually used to have layoffs when there was a bad economy. Currently, the economy is still doing great. It seems layoffs are in big tech to justify investments into acquisitions and AI."

7. **Post ID: 3729**  
   "Why is Google laying off Staff and hiring for the same position at a lower salary range. Removing contract staff and replacing contract staff with Vendor."

8. **Post ID: 4011**  
   "I love how companies boast about profitability or funding in their pitch. And then it comes to salary requirements they balk at anything competitive."

9. **Post ID: 4095**  
   "Nasdaq is up 22% since the lay off storm started 6 months ago. Tech stocks have been rallying hard since then. Now tech companies will have more incentive to do more lay offs to pump their stock."

10. **Post ID: 4117**  
    "Shopify cut off 20% of staff, stock is up 20%. Shame on these 'investors' cheering company layoffs."

11. **Post ID: 4300**  
    "None of the tech companies are actually 'struggling.' META, Amazon, Google are doing so well that they can do stock buybacks. This is labor market manipulation with 'the economy' and 'inflation' as a smokescreen."

12. **Post ID: 4555**  
    "Everyone called Elon an asshole but did you see that what he did actually worked? He cut more than 80% of the company but Twitter still up and running just as before while saving tons of cost."

13. **Post ID: 4736**  
    "Facebook parent Meta Platforms Inc. plans to lower some bonus payouts and to assess employee performance more frequently, amid a sweeping revamp of the social-media company that includes large head-count reductions."

14. **Post ID: 4953**  
    "Tech teams became bloated, inflation started, and layoffs spread like wildfire. But why? You get more of what you incentivize."

15. **Post ID: 5380**  
    "Companies are laying off now just to play their part in flooding the market and reducing TC. They will rehire again eventually, but hire the same people for cheaper."

16. **Post ID: 5509**  
    "After the coordinated switch to unlimited PTOs, so that nobody has vacation time accumulated to be paid when leaving a company, tech CEOs are now doing the needful: switching to unlimited layoffs."

17. **Post ID: 5539**  
    "Many tech companies were claiming these layoffs were necessary to maintain stability and profitability in this recession. But that's a cover story if you ask me. Most tech companies are swimming in cash."

18. **Post ID: 5971**  
    "Meta announces $40 billion stock buyback after laying off 10k employees. That’s about $4 million per laid off employee. This was never about saving money."

19. **Post ID: 6002**  
    "Seems weird to me that Microsoft, Google, Meta, Amazon (probably others) all laid off in the 10-18K range. Do you think there was some joint agreement between companies to layoff and flood the market to jointly fight SWE wages?"

20. **Post ID: 6043**  
    "Interesting perspective on the real reason behind tech layoffs. #layoff"

These posts reflect the sentiment of frustration and anger towards profit-maximization strategies, often linked with mass layoffs.








----
Post ID: 26
Fresh grad 2.5 months into a new job, daily anxiety and overall unhappiness with toxic coworker. Should I tough it out or resign and find a better company?
I got my first corporate job in an architectural firm last November, after 2 months of memorable, inspiring and happy internship experience in another company. I cherished my time at my previous company during my internship with an amazing mentor and colleague but did not continue working there bcs I wanted to have a fresh start in a bigger company and wanted to gain more experience.

In the new company, not even one month in, I got transferred to a different department which is notorious for being a bit busier by a guy (lets call him Z) from that department "scouting" me just like that. Z got my previous head of department annoyed because he didnt do it in a formal way and kind of "stole" me from the previous team I was in. At first I was fine with it because I wanted to gain more experience. 

Not even a few days into the new "team" (which turned out to be just me and Z) he started piling up new work to me that was in such a rushed and short deadline for me to catchup and learn about the project in the first place. The first few weeks has been harsh and stressful, Z turned out to be toxic in a very passive aggressive way.

He will come to my desk at 9am first thing in the morning and rush me to do work that is not even urgent, pressure me through texts and be passive aggressive and expects me to KNOW EVERYTHING despite being NEW to the job, the company and the working industry. His guidance is total shit and he has shit communication skills and expects zero mistakes from me and expects me to know everything since "im a part of the team now". When im sick and had to take medical leave he would harass me through text and kinda makes me feel guilty for being sick and "leaving my work to him". Z totally destroyed my confidence and made me feel incompetent in everything I do.

My anxiety is at an all time high and Ive started seeing a therapist for anxiety. Everyday feels like a battle going to work and enduring 8 hours of intense stress and pressure is eating me alive to the point that I cannot even enjoy my weekends without stressing about work. I have frequent mental breakdowns and will cry almost everyday because of this. 

I did confront him to talk about me feeling overwhelmed and pressured but that just turned to him gaslighting me that this is normal and he implied that im the problematic one, that I need to know that everybody else is stressed too and I should be grateful that my workload is not as heavy as other projects, he has a lot of things to do as well, other staff in the office had to go back at 10pm, so why am I making this a big deal? I felt totally disregarded by him but I still applaud myself for being brave and talked the truth to him.

Ive been thinking about whether I am the problem or is it the workplace problem because all my other friends seem fine with their work life, while me feeling depressed and anxious everyday, cry almost everyday and cannot even enjoy things I used to enjoy. 

Please let me know your thoughts on this and whether resigning at 3 months is reasonable. Thank you.
----
Post ID: 43
Am I panicking over nothing?
So got a call from HR yesterday confirming I went through the third and final round of the interview process.  We talked about a convenient time slot for the said interview, agreed on it and was told to expect the zoom link via email. The interview was scheduled for next week.
As of today I haven't received anything.  Should I follow up? Am panicking too much and thinking what if the call was a mistake by HR? I really want this job. Anyone been in a similar spot?
----
Post ID: 64
Top Applicant
Got a call a few days ago stating that I was their team liked the convos and that I was a  “top applicant” and  to call if anything happened(other offer or final interviews) but also said the team is still finishing up interviews and that I would get a call in a week to week and a half. Is this a good sign or am I just being strung along
----
Post ID: 67
Shutting down during an interview
I’m completely lost. Spent over a week practicing giving good answers, feeling good. Then the night before my brain totally shuts down, couldn’t even answer basic questions like ‘Why do you want to work here” “what are your skills” etc, everything felt jumbled up and it felt like my brain was melting. I thought I might just be tired and I’ll sort it out in the morning when I’m fresh. Morning comes and it’s even worse at this point, the nerves are getting to me, I can’t think straight. 

5 minutes before the interview I’m sitting at my desk, 40% of my mind wants to not go through with this, as I knew I was about to crumble. I pull out a word document with some of my answers, so that worse case scenario I’ll read off (better than being able to say nothing right?). Luckily for me, it ended up an informal chat where I asked the HM more questions than he asked me and I can’t stop thinking how lucky I am. 

I now have to do a case study and present it to a panel of potential teammates. How do I stop this happening again? Clearly drilling interview answers has failed horribly, it’s never been this bad before. Where am I going wrong? I’ve got a first class degree in economics and finance but can’t even pull myself together for a simple graduate interview. Even though I’ve done relatively well in interviews in the past that was nearly 2 years ago and I don’t know what’s gone wrong.
 
Some advice would be really appreciated.
----
Post ID: 92
My manager asked me if I have any ongoing projects I'm working on long term. I don't, what should I do?
I work in a huge tech company, and I basically actively work for like 2 hours a day, and I don't do anything meaningful to be honest.

I just solve Jiras and customers issues all day long. Per my role description, I should be improving our product, and making change, but I don't know how to do that, I'm here 3 years already.

Today my manager asked me to write 2-3 things I'm working on right now, and I said exactly that, doing Jiras (tasks) and solving customer questions.

And right after he asked if I have any long term projects besides those. 

Now I'm afraid I'm going to get fired or something.
----
Post ID: 120
Damn, I'm having a hard time...
Today is my last day at my job and I woke up at 3am and can't effing go back to sleep. Now an hour and a half later, I don't think there's hope of me getting any further sleep, so here I type/dump my thoughts and feelings for those that will read this. All this time I can't stop thinking of all the last things I need to wrap up on my last day and make a list of people I haven't gotten to see yet, some who don't even know I'm leaving yet. 

 I do a wide range of general IT / Sys Admin work for a medium-size company and the last couple weeks have been increasingly difficult as this date has gotten closer.

To be frank, even though I've only been here about 4.5 years, I'm well-established and, honestly, even beloved by basically everyone. The response to news of my departure has been resounding disappointment, though of course everyone has been wishing me well as I move into a government IT job. 

So I don't make this a million word essay, the crux of everything is that this new job will be significantly better in compensation (~$20k more in direct pay, ~$30k if I add difference in benefits), but it's hard for me to leave a job I have excelled at and enjoy. I am terrified that I will regret this move since I have no idea what's ahead for me. I'm intentionally moving to a bigger pond since I've hit the ceiling of what I can do and earn where I'm at.

I know it's logically the right move, but emotionally I'm terrified as I try to push through this. I don't need to make this any longer than it is, so any advice out there?
----
Post ID: 238
Hiring manager told me I’d hear back in two weeks, feel like I’m overanalyzing not sure why
I’m a third year university student graduating by next May and I’m job hunting. I was recently hired full time at a major insurance company in my country (Canada) but quit after 8 months when I felt it wasn’t for me. I’ve just recently done an interview at a bank for a relatively complicated position. I didn’t think they’d call back to be honest since 3-5 years of experience was required. 

I did the interview and it didn’t feel so good. In the sense that, I could feel she wasn’t "wooed" by my qualifications but instead it just felt like she was going through the motions. She did compliment me once during the interview regarding my language (there was a French portion) and she smiled a few times but I just couldn’t take anything as a "I got it" with her. Most of the time I’m able to see when I won’t get a call back but I can’t tell if she has a good poker face and that’s just who she is or she has already picked her candidate but has to do all the interviews as part of company policy. 

She asked if I had any questions near the end and I asked two questions then she started going on tangents talking about why she liked her job and how she started at the position I was applying for. It lasted about 40 minutes I think. I would appreciate some guidance/advice.
----
Post ID: 241
Post-interview stress and follow up
Hi to everyone. Hope all is well!

I do not usually make posts like these as I am the type to sit at home and dwell on a situation and do not really go about asking for help so excuse me if the post is a bit abstract.

I have finished an internship recently and have started applying for jobs that are in the same field I am in, but in a different department. I have probably sent out over 80 applications for the past 2 months and have been getting turned down every single time. Little did I know that the job market would be so competitive, so in all fairness, I have been having some existential thoughts about the whole thing.

About a week and a half ago I got an email requesting to schedule an interview. After I stopped jumping up and down for 10 minutes I immediately confirmed the time and place. 

Fast forward to the interview, by all accounts I think it went fairly well. It was scheduled to be around 45 minutes but ended up being around 90 minutes when I looked at my watch when we finished. Hope that is a good sign. Got along very well with the person interviewing me, introduced me to the team through Teams, but claimed she did this with everyone she interviews so I'm not getting too excited about this but all in all the vibes seemed good and I usually have good intuition to when I have fucked something up, but leaving the place after it ended I really couldn't think of something that would jeopardize my candidacy. 

Knowing how long companies take with their hiring process, she mentioned there are 3 interviews in total, the second being with a department head and then after that with HR. She mentioned that I would be hearing back within around two weeks after the first interview to hear if I made the cut for the second one. As Monday is approaching, the second week of my waiting commences and I am starting to lose it. 

I sent her a thank you email about 2 hours after our interview and also sent a WhatsApp text as she mentioned to send her one so she can have my number but neither of them was answered. My mind just tells me that it might be for transparency reasons and keeping it strictly professional but someone might be able to provide some better insight. 

Now my question is should I wait until around Wednesday or Thursday to see whether I hear back? In case I don't hear back I will try a follow-up, but I can not decide between the medium. Should I try and give her a call initially and if she doesn't respond should I drop an email, or should I forget about calling and opt between email or Whatsapp?

This is for a very good position that offers pretty much everything I am asking for and then some, but the other issue is I have no other lead, and my time within the country is coming to an end if I do not manage to secure a job within a reasonable time frame. 

I apologize for the long post and the abstract nature of it. Any insight or assurance would be more than appreciated.
----
Post ID: 337
Waiting to hear back from final interview
Interviewing at a tech company. Made it to the final round. Feel like I did great during the entire interview process. 

It has now been a week and a half since that last interview. I emailed the recruiter and he responded saying that they should have an answer by Friday and that apparently there was another candidate who was also going through the process as well and the team needed to get that interview completed. 

I feel a bit defeated now since I assumed I would get an offer faster and it sounds like they are still considering others. Do I still have a chance of even getting an offer?
----
Post ID: 384
Final Interview Went Great, References Contacted – Am I Close to an Offer?
I had my final interview at a company for my dream job. Basically it’s the same role I have now but with more responsibilities and it touches on a few areas that would round out my experience. First, I met with the hiring manager and her boss. We had a fantastic conversation. Then I provided a few writing samples, and they were very impressed. Last Friday, I met with the Chief Human Resources Officer, and she even said how impressed the hiring manager and her boss were. We also had a great conversation and I explained my first strategic priority if I were hired. She was impressed. 

That was last Friday, and then on Monday, the recruiter reached out and said the CHRO really enjoyed our conversation and that they’d like to move forward with checking my references. 

They reached out to each contact I provided and they all responded by yesterday. So hopefully I’ll hear back next week from the company. 

The fact that they contacted my references is a promising sign that I’m likely to receive an offer, right? We already discussed salary at the very beginning so it’s not like i have to worry about that getting in the way. 

I guess I’m asking for reassurance. Obviously nothing is guaranteed though. 
----
Post ID: 389
Very confused if I’m actually getting the job or not
So I passed two interviews with both bosses of a small to medium sized company, then, they invited me to meet the team with 3 other candidates and we all had dinner last Friday. They put on a show how all the workers got bonuses in cash for the KPIs they hit and so on and how their company just keeps growing and making profit each year.

They assured me in the email they’re looking at hiring all 3 “if things go well”. Things went really well, and the bosses both liked me as we related on many interests and hobbies. The main founder even telling me if I get a road bike again, to go out on some routes with him and his friends.

When I left that night, one of founders told me “hey, we’ll be in contact sometime next week about your position here”

It’s nearly Thursday now and I gave them an email this morning which they didn’t reply to. Super strange because during the whole process they would reply very quickly. I basically asked if they could kindly give me a rough outline of the onboarding timeline so I can let my current employer know in advance I’m planning to move on.

It’s been nearly a week, yet no written offer yet? I’ve never had this sort of experience and it’s quite stressful because I need some clarity on what to do. I am still applying for other jobs but I REALLY want this one.

Surely they’re not ghosting me until I stop contacting them? Have you experienced a long wait for a contract? Is this normal?
----
Post ID: 401
I am 7 months in and still feel the imposture syndrome. Is it normal?
I am 23 years old, graduated 2 years ago. About 7 months ago I got a job as an entry level marketing coordinator at a fortune 500 company. As far as work environment goes, this is the best job I have had. My previous internship and prior job as an office manager at a small marketing firm were both very toxic small businesses. I guess you could say I have some trauma related to my old job and it's causing me some major self esteem issues here. 

&#x200B;

For some background at that old job, the owner hired me on the spot, training was non existent. It was largely my fault for taking a job that realistically, I was underqualified for. it was far more detailed than the job description led on. The role was combined office management and client project management, which are 2 separate positions that were combined into one to save money.  Several months in, I made an accounting mistake and ended up sending a few thousand dollars extra to the insurance company and did not know we built up a credit. I did not understand the formatting of the bill, which is still my fault but it was an unusual bill. It was something I was never warned about. There was no room for mistakes here. Despite the fact that we were able to get the money transferred back to our account, the owner was always strapped for cash so obviously this was a big deal to him. I ended up getting my hours cut and they hired on a new person (who was worse at the job than I was according to an old coworker I talked to). The company has a 1.8 Glassdoor rating from about 30 reviews so I feel like that gives me the confirmation that it wasn't just me. 

 I worked part time for the long 5 months it took me to land a new job and was finally able to resign and come here. There was a lot of gossip that went on at this old workplace. You'd get called stupid or slow for asking questions. The owner and Marketing director would always snicker about employees in his office, despite the fact we could all hear everything. Overhearing the comments about people's weaknesses, their outfit, their background, their character flaws...it made me incredibly self conscious because my desk was right next door. I have taken that to my new job. 

Now I am 7 months in my new position and I STILL feel new. I guess I have always considered myself a slow learner, but I feel like I need every project explained to me in detail and have to get specific requests to know the task at hand. I have a really hard time understanding the nuances or exceptions to our branding rules and projects. I am so afraid of making mistakes so I need guidance, but then when I do jump in and take initiative I feel like I make a mistake or misunderstand something. Some days I feel like I could leave and nobody would notice. So far, my team has been really great to work with and very patient. But my low self esteem and imposture syndrome stresses me out. It's not like I am a web developer or engineer. t's an entry level marketing coordinator job. It feels like I should know this stuff. I am so worried about being a disappointment. Every closed door meeting, I immediately think it's about me. Every time I hear a whisper in the office, I assume they are talking about me. Any advice? 

&#x200B;
----
Post ID: 405
Got the verbal offer last week, but job posting on LinkedIn recently said "actively recruiting"?
I received a verbal offer from the hiring manager and recruiter at a company about 10 days ago. They immediately sent me an immigration review form after the verbal offer (I'm from Mexico) that I filled out and turned in the same day. They said that their lawyers need to review and approve the form before giving me an actual offer with a start date, and it could take up to 2 weeks. I went through a long interview process (4 interviews with 10 different people at the company) over the past two months. This is a large company (3000+ employees). 

Should I be concerned that the job posting on LinkedIn says "actively recruiting"? I'm not sure why reviewing a one page immigration form would take multiple weeks. Should I ask the recruiter to take down the job posting/ask why it says "actively recruiting"?
----
Post ID: 465
How long should I wait to follow up? Patience running thin.
I had a final in-person interview for a job I am a perfect fit for during the first week of June. They flew me out and the interview was from 9-3 on a tuesday, where i met with several individuals and groups of people throughout the day. On this day I found out that I am one of 3 final candidates with the anticipated start date of August 1st. 

The following week they requested contact info for references, who were spoken to the week after that. 

The next week (last week of June) I sent a professional follow up email requesting an update, and to confirm they are still hoping to have the chosen candidate start Aug 1st. They responded confirming the start date, stating I am still a top candidate and apologizing for the delay, mentioning there were vacations and the end of the fiscal year causing delays in their HR process. Understandable. 

Following week is first week of July. Since it is a holiday, I anticipated not much progress being made this week either and no communication was made. 

Last week on Tuesday, the hiring manager follows up on their own again apologizing for delays but states they “expect a significant update this week”. Next day HR reaches out to get info so  they can do a background check. 

It is now a week later with no answers. 

I would expect I am the final of maybe 2 candidates, and fairly confident I will be offered the position following a successful background check. But i dont know 100% for sure. At this point, starting in 2 weeks on Aug 1st is next to impossible considering I still need to find a place to live, pack up my apartment, and move literally across the country. Its a 5 day drive just to get there.
 
Sorry for the long timeline of things but idk if I should send another follow up. If i should, how do i make it not sound impatient? Id be okay if i didnt get the job, I just really need to know either way so I know what im doing with my life and if I should start focusing on other applications. My partner is also a factor in this as she needs to provide her job with a decent notice. 

Thanks for any insight and advice.
----
Post ID: 1022
Can’t Bring Myself to Quit My Job
I’ve been struggling over this since December but I’m too scared to quit the job I currently work at. 

It is an absolutely terrible situation at the moment, I work in food service and we’re extremely understaffed (we only have 9 people) and two different workstations. Demand is really high as we are in a high tourist area and the company is adding mobile orders to our demand. My boss keeps promising he’s gonna hire more people but seems to never do so and I’m starting to think he has no intention of doing so. 

But I’m too scared to quit a job into this terrible job market. I’ve been applying for months and only had a couple interviews and have been continually using sites like Indeed, Glassdoor, Hiring Cafe, etc. I’ve rewritten my resume to be ATS friendly, sent emails to recruiters directly and reworked my LinkedIn profile and have little results doing so. 

I don’t want to go down with the ship at work but I worry I have no future and will just be unemployed forever if I quit. I don’t currently pay rent so I don’t have to constantly worry about money but relying on others forever isn’t something I can do. 

Does anyone have advice or opinions? I’m sorry for pushing this into innocent internet denizens. 
----
Post ID: 1061
How to find a job after 2 years of gap
Hey guys,
Need some help regarding finding a job as a fresher with 2 years of gap. In my 1st year of gap I did prepare for the government exam but not able to clear it (in my country government job has a lot of craze) and in my 2nd year of gap i decided to go abroad for my masters study. But at the end moment due to some personal and financial problems not able to go for masters abroad. 
What should I do to find a job as soon as possible as I am bit in a need of a job. Also seeing myself in this condition I am having a bit of panic and stress attacks. What to do about this?
----
Post ID: 1078
Starting overnight stocking
There was a similar post about this over a year ago but as someone with similar experiences I would like to make my own post. So I’ve had extreme anxiety and mental health issues that lead me to having a break down and basically become a shut in for about 5 years. I started to go out and try to re enter society about a year ago only to find out I relapsed very easily and burn out quickly which lead me to quitting my last job. 
Feeling hopeless I’ll find anything that works for me I took a job I’ve heard is pretty easy and non stressful with limited social interaction (overnight stocker) im VERY nervous to start. I have no experience in stocking what so ever but the manager that hired me told me it was VERY fast pace and rushing. Im nervous I’m going to be terrible at it and have a very bad first day which I know is inevitable. 
My last job even though I quit I had a decent schedule worked out where I could work long 3 day shift. Hear is 4 days and won’t be the days I had before which I know is not terrible but still nervous Ill have a tough time dealing with it. Could anyone give some advice on stocking?? Is it easy?? What are some things I should know? How is a good way to handle work/life balance with a overnight job? I appreciate any and all answers.
----
Post ID: 1103
It’s hard being a writer
On August 2021, I quit my call center job because it was too overwhelming for me. I was overworked and I didn’t feel appreciated. I answered more than 100 calls a day and worked 8-10 hour shifts. 
I worked there for 3 years, but after the pandemic, the job became more difficult. The customers were angry and rude. I’d try to help them, but they weren’t satisfied. 
Another thing that was hard for me was staying at my desk for all those hours. I’d get a 30 minute lunch and two 15 minute breaks. Even though I’d get those breaks sometimes it wasn’t enough time for me to breathe, eat, and go to the bathroom. There were many times that I had to skip lunch and pee in a cup while taking calls. 
I started to dread clocking into work. I’d hyperventilate before work because the thought of working made me anxious. It’d make me panic. 
I couldn’t take it anymore. All I did was cry. I realized that the job wasn’t working out when I’d literally be crying during the call because of what one of the customers told me. It was very stressful. 
I quit without taking my two weeks notice and didn’t have a plan. I just knew that I needed to get out of this environment. I was done. 
After quitting my job, my mental health worsened. I tried getting help from a doctor, but they made me pay for office visits, tests, and meds. For the first month I did get medication, but eventually I couldn’t pay for it. 
I finished my prescription and had to stop taking them. I believe that this made me even worse than ever before. I became suicidal and I still struggle with severe depression and anxiety today. 
I’m exploring other options for my mental health as I do not have health insurance. I can’t afford it. 
I feel like I can’t work again. I’ll never be able to talk to people like I used to. I don’t have the energy to take people’s tone. I never have been able to. Like all the other retail jobs that I’ve had. I didn’t last that long. This job was the longest job I’ve ever had and it was a horrible experience. 
The only thing that I feel comfortable and confident doing is writing. However, I’m struggling to find a job that works for me and my mental health. I don’t have skills for anything else. Even low-paying jobs don’t hire me or call me back. 
Everyone tells me to go into teaching, but I don’t want to. I’m not passionate about it and the education system is a joke. They don’t help teachers out. All that stress for little pay and being under appreciated. 
Also, I don’t think I’m the right person to be a teacher. I’m too anxious and depressed to function. I don’t have energy. I’m exhausted. It’s hard for me to put on a happy face especially when I’m not happy. 
I do care about people I just can’t deal with people directly. I work better independently. I need help. I don’t know where to begin or if I’m doing the right thing by pursuing a writing career.
----
Post ID: 1129
How do you deal mentally with being jobless for months 
How do you not end up in depressed mood… how to convince yourself that there’s an end of tunnel light to help.

----
Post ID: 1167
Paralyzed with Decision Making
I was offered a position with a new company over the weekend. I feel it happening again. This is the 3rd time in recent years where I get offered a job and suddenly get paralyzed with making a decision and struggle to accept or even decline the job. All of the possibilities race through my mind. And like a deer in headlights I simply freeze, pissing off everyone in the process.  

For some reason I think my biggest hesitation is that I take this job (which is an average job) and a week later a high-level job that I’ve been chasing finally comes through with an offer. And I’m “loyal” in the sense that I don’t want to commit to something and immediately bounce. 

Any advice? Tips? 
----
Post ID: 1171
Will my job offer get rescinded?
So I got a job offer but it’s contingent on a background check. When I filled up my application I didn’t put jobs I had in high school and college because they were irrelevant to my professional career. However, I listed those jobs on my background check. Will my offer be rescinded because of it? I over looked the job application and it said to list all employment.
----
Post ID: 1177
What does Employer Verification report to current employer 
Due to quickly trying to turnaround for a role in my job search I realize the employer I’m interviewing with did not have my most recent resume. 

I’ve done so many reviews on it and got an offer of course my heart sinks when I get to the First Advantage employer verification page and see a role and dates that aren’t what I actually worked. 

If I report the actual dates for the 7 years prior and leave off jobs that weren’t relevant would anything show up to my employer? Or do they just get a pass/fail from First Advantage?
----
Post ID: 1191
Might have shot myself in the foot, what you think will happen?
So, I had my first job in the hotel industry 2 years ago and stayed within the company for 1.5 years.

They just posted a job listing for their Corporate Headquarters and I did the interview 2 days ago and it went well. Today, I got a call from the hiring manager and he asked me why I left a week early instead of fully putting in 2 weeks notice. I told him I accidentally put in the start date too early for my new job and told my Front Office Manager about it and he was okay with it. Also, told him it wasn't malicious or anything.

After that, he told me he needs to speak with HR about it and will give me an update on Monday. 
Ngl, I am like scared that I might lose a job opportunity because of this.
----
Post ID: 1200
Had my 2nd interview yesterday for a remote job
I am from Latin America. I went through 2 rounds of interviews and I believe I did well. I didn’t stutter with any answer or provided wrong answers. I feel like it all comes down to the competition.

I expect a response by tomorrow. Please anyone give me some words of hope. I really want to believe everything will turn out alright.

I particularly want to be hired for this role. It’s remote and well-paid.

----
Post ID: 1208
[Urgent and nervous ] Help on deciding which job to take
I need advice on selection of a job. I am fresh graduate with masters degree and I have software engineer job offer from ford and a startup from Salt Lake City.

I love going to office and love hybrid environment where i can choose whether to go or not by my own.

The job in ford is in Dearborn Michigan which is 9 miles from Detroit MI.

Since I am an international and my OPT start on couple of weeks, I need to decide asap so that i can plan moving  new place depending on what job i am taking.

I have heard bad things about Detroit and Dearborn Michigan. I have heard that it's not safe there.

I believe salt lake city is more safer than Detroit/Dearborn.

Salary wise Ford is paying around 20k more than startup and job is very similar.

I thought that working on Ford than a startup might give me a good boost and having a mentor in Ford might give me better growth compare to startup.

But safety and people saying live in safe place is kind of not giving me good vibe.

Any suggestion please !!
----
Post ID: 1220
3 rounds in, they ask to schedule a call…
.. how likely is this an offer? 

I *desperately* want this job, and I don’t think I can handle the anticipation anymore. 
----
Post ID: 1227
Please help me resolve complications in hiring process. Very anxious!
Please help me, I’m very anxious…

I was hired last Friday with verbal confirmation
— very clear — and was told that HR would reach out as the next step

As part of my second interview, whereafter I was hired, I was asked about any appointments or obligations that might interfere with my 
work schedule. I disclosed a recurring weekly appointment, and asked for confirmation on what my schedule would be so I could begin scheduling these appointments after my shift. 

Today (Monday) I received a call from one of the other managers who said “Manager 1 told me you might have a weekly appointment that would interfere with your work schedule, and if that’s the case, that would be a deal breaker.”

I told her this was not the case. There is no such problem, and that I’ll be totally fine to work my intended hours with no interference.

She said this was good, and to expect a call from her people sometime soon.

Ok…

Nonetheless I am still extremely anxious and unsatisfied. Extremely worried that they might not believe me or something, and thus pass on me, because maybe I seem unreliable — even though they’ve given no real indication of that. (Actually quite the opposite)

Even with all this verbal confirmation, I don’t think I will feel safe until I am actually fully hired, and maybe that’s normal…

But still… I have contemplated calling the hiring manager back again tomorrow. To really make absolutely sure she knows there will be no problems whatsoever and to say that I am very committed to this job.

Would that be a bad idea at this point? Could it help if something is going wrong? Am I just losing my mind?
----
Post ID: 1250
I just got accepted to my first job
So.. I have mixed feelings of regret/anxious/feeling sad. I just received a call from my employer that i got hired, this is my first ever job and its customer service at a local bakery. My parents basically made me apply and i went through the interview, since i dont have any experience i didnt really think ill ever get accepted, im not really complaining but i probably feel regret that i lied about being social with people, i have social anxiety that i feel physical symptoms whenever i get into situations i dont know what to do. I guess i can try to act nice and do small talk with strangers but ive always been an introvert and to be honest i prefer to work on my own because i get things done more easy that way, it really sucks because im bad at pretending on keeping my energy up whenever im mentally tired, my parents know this but made me apply anyway, i cant really go against them, im not really sure, im really scared and i legit just cried, i feel like my daily life is gonna change. im just hoping all of this negative feeling will be gone once i get used to it and i really hope i get along with my co workers as well.
----
Post ID: 1254
I was laid off from my job where I was making 85k a year. After 18 months of unemployment, I can't even find a job at Walmart. I'm genuinely very scared.

I'm truly afraid that my earning potential in my career has peaked. My brother makes 120k CAD a year and is barely making ends meet. I might never work a job that pays like the one I had again. And I'm 35 years old. I might never work a job that pays like that again.

Goodbye dreams of owning a house, having kids... I'm truly terrified of what this means.

I mean... is life over?

Edit: I'm in Canada. I've applied to 2200 jobs so far. One interview. And I'm working freelance. This is in addition to 6 months of volunteering/unpaid work.
----
Post ID: 1287
Potentially working with someone I dislike
In the future there is the possibility that my employer may hire someone to work with me who I do not like at all. I used to work with them and they were part of the reason I had quit my previous position. I’m not sure what happened, but toward the end I felt like this person was singling me out, I got told I was doing a bad job amongst other incidents. I speak a different language and this person told me I was not to do that anymore with another coworker. I actually recorded them telling me so, and saying it came from the boss. I never told anyone and just found a new job because I felt some kind of way. I returned to the company in a different capacity. The person I don’t like has occasionally worked with the company on temp assignments, but it was ok as I only had to interact with them via an occasional email or brief call and have been doing really well only to be informed that they are considering hiring them to work directly with me. My boss isn’t exactly a great manager and unfortunately I’ve heard bad things about how they handle conflicts at other locations. What do I do? Hiring them would make it a very hostile environment for me. Boss is the owner so there no higher person to speak to.
----
Post ID: 1292
Applying for a assistant store manger.
I recently saw a local mom and pop place is looking for a assistant store manager. When I mean mom and pop. They aren't corporate corporate, but they are big enough to provide Benfits. 

I have the retail experience, and work experience. Just never been in management in retail. I kinda never wanted it. Because the places I worked were or are corporate. To many hands in the pot for my liking, and to many boot lickers. But my current job has me backed against the wall. Both career and money wise. 

So that leads me to this position. I don't have retail management experience. No education, but a dependable work ethic, willing to learn, etc. I'll admit this I'm kinda scared to apply. Not because they won't be interested, but because what if I get the job? I'm pretty good at faking stuff, but I don't know if I could fake that. I think I'm scared more because it's a change from my comfort zone, but if I wasn't scared to apply. I would be in the same boat iam in now.
----
Post ID: 1349
Am I Screwed? I claimed I’m still employed


I was let go about a month ago but I haven’t updated my resume so it shows I’m still working. I’m at the final round for 2 companies.  The interview process has taken over a month at company A so I was still working when I started interviewing but I haven’t told them I was let go because I’m concerned it will take me out of the running. 

I have the final interview for company B and they’re under the impression I’m still at my old company. I skipped a few steps of the interview process and did a presentation to get to the final round so I don’t want to ruin my chances if I tell them I’m no longer at my old company. 

As many of you know, It has been a challenge to find a job, let alone get to the final round. I updated my resume to show I’m no longer at my old company and got some bs responses from HR/recruiters that reached out to me when I sent them my resume about “the role has been filled, thank you for your interest, etc” 

I’m worried that they will see I’m no longer employed when they do a background check. What can I do?
----
Post ID: 1387
failed a drug test
I recently got a job offer at a local hospital in environmental services. I accepted and went to do testing today, but I was told, they "caught a couple," and she's gonna have to send it to a lab. She also informed me they'd be in contact, but I was still scheduled to do my physical and go to HR to create my badge.

I took an Aleve yesterday for a migraine and I went to celebrate my friend's birthday in Colorado at the end of March, which is where I did smoke marijuana.

I'm not a regular smoker by any means, outside of my vaping habit.

Do Aleve pills test positive for any sort of drug? Also, would being honest about my drug use in Colorado make them drawback their offer? I would hate to have spent my whole morning running around the city just for them to take the offer back. 
----
Post ID: 1423
I got another cooking job, starting tomorrow evening. I'm afraid, because my last job at McDonald's didn't go well for me.
Title. I start working as a cook at a bar restaurant tomorrow night. I'm trying to stay positive, but honestly, I'm afraid to step back in any kind of commercial kitchen. I can barely cook for myself, and I've only had 4 months' experience cooking at McDonald's, plus this place's menu is more complex than that, but it pays better than McDonald's, and I need to do something if I ever want to succeed in life. 

Small steps. Baby steps. Breathe. Positive thoughts. 

Any advice is appreciated. Thank you.
----
Post ID: 1454
Microsoft verbal offer but still no official offer mail
I had an offer presentation call with the recruiter where we discussed the offer and benefits and I was told to be on the look out for an offer email that can take up to three days.
This was on the 28th and today is the 31th.
Is this normal ? I am so anxious.
The job is an applied data scientist 1 in Egypt.
----
Post ID: 1457
I believe I was a victim of papering prior to being fired and I'm unsure how to address to address this with prospective employers' interviews. Any advice?
So for those unfamiliar, papering is when employers bombard your employee file with negative write ups in order to purposely create a paper trail in order to fire you. The reason I believe I was a victim of papering is because one month prior to being placed on a PIP without warning, I received an extremely positive annual review and a raise. (I even expressed to HR that if this "poor performance" has been an ongoing issue, why is there no mention of it in my annual review or any other documentation) Second reason is because the CEO announced how the company lost millions of dollar in revenue recently. Include the RTO mandates/quiet layoffs, the timing was just very, very suspicious. I suspect that they did not want to give me severance personally given their financial woes.

But then again, this is my side of the story. I have no idea how to address this with any prospective employers without potentially sounding delusional. The HR rep as I was being fired told me that their policy is only verify title and dates of employment but admittedly, I very stupidly made a very angry glassdoor review that probably sounded a lot like me so now Im paranoid they may say OP was a horrible employee to be spiteful but that might just be my anxiety talking. Should I just say I was laid off? I feel like the actual reality is too messy and there's no way I can really phrase it without making it sound like Im bad mouthing my last employer. 
----
Post ID: 1461
UK agency work anyone got experience?
so interpidgbl got me a job at hermes in the warehouse, as parcel loader it's 11.67£ 7-12am good hours i love it,packages first seperated by van number by a team before us, then we transport, sort into their designed drops and shop ID's then scan all the packages in the driver pickup about 6000-4000 with 6 members today but can be over 9000's sometimes, before the van drivers would have to come, and sort all the parcels themselves they start around 11:00, today mostly all van drivers left without a problem, before 11:30, only 1-2 behind so not perfect.

This guy i talked too, got laid off because he's slow some old guy caught sitting down and scanning, i feel really peeeak.

Recently learned to scan them all first, then sort them which is way for efficient, today i took some Adhd Amphetamine(not a habit) so i could sort more parcels, today i scanned  and sorted a fuck ton atleast over a thousand easy, scanned them after.

All the big bosses see the paper work(i think), so i claimed some other peoples bins for the amount of sorted parcels not scanned, because they let me lol not gunna do that again tho, which was some paperwork about which member sorted and scanned each route.

but i hope they will see, this team is very fast and efficient workers, and keep me i just hope the budget/target is met and i'm paranoid about that, because this is a new extra team.

Manager assistant talked about "weeding out the weak and slow" i overthink alot, i rly want this job.
----
Post ID: 1484
Extra compensation if i am fired
Hi,

I joined this company more than 6 months back and i was hired to manage operations for a medical media company. My job was basically to make sure a pharma event happens smoothly and efficiently. And while i was managing i did my part very effectively.

7 months into my job i am getting a feeling they don't need me because the company has no upcoming projects, and whatever work is pending is because i cant do anything without "taking approval" of my manager.. so now my manager is giving me random work which makes no sense, for example after 7 months of being in the system she wants me to go through with the company profile and she will take my test.

Now, suppose, if i am asked to leave should i ask for 2-3 month compensation as its not my fault and im the one losing out on a job and also will have to take a hit on my future job interviews as it will show unprofessionalism on my part that this happened.

PS: I am from Mumbai, India
----
Post ID: 1508
How do I get over the feeling feeling incompetent at my new job?
Sorry if this post sounds like a rant.
I just graduated and started my first job as an underwriter. I’m 2 months into the job and just finished the class training and starting production but feel stupid. The mentors they assign us are very good and always willing to help, however I feel anxiety when I screw up when they review my work or fail to answer a question to correctly. I’m learning and not expected to learn that quick but, feel like Im not learning fast enough. If this is normal, how do I get over my anxiety attacks?
----
Post ID: 1514
Got extended a job offer today and I'm very unsure on how if I should take it or not. Anyone have experience?
I'll keep it sweet n simple. 

I work 20-30mins away from home currently and make $18/hr. The job is pretty laid back but we're short on work and I'm starting to gain more and more responsibilities without a raise. My boss also mentioned the other day that I'm pretty much at my salary ceiling and don't have the chance to earn more unless I learn other skills that my co-workers do (I'm the only person in my position that can do what I do but I get artwork from co-workers to print and make blue prints for production so I'd be learning how to do the art processes).

I got extended a job today for an Herbicide technician. The job would would fly me out to Alabama for a 1 week training period then they'll fly me home and I'll get sent home with a company truck. That following monday I would leave with a co-worker and set out for a 2 week trip across Texas to do what they want me to. The job is very minimal physical labor and most of it is made up of driving. That being said, they're 12 hour shits for the entirety of the trip. After the 2 week trip I'll come home on Friday, spend the weekend at home and then I'll spend a week doing areas around where I live and be home every day. 2 week traveling, 1 week at home consistently. 

I really need advice on if I should leave my 8 hour shift, flexible job that's 20-30m away from home for a job that has me up in hotels with a company truck and a card for gas/repairs/food for $15/$16/hr due to being entry level. 

I'd make more in the long run working for the new place than I would working here at my current job but this would be the first ever "traveling" job I've ever had. I'm very nervous and anxious about it because I don't have friends except for my girlfriend and animals and I love being home every night but I really need the money and it would be nice to see all over Texas. 

What are others' experiences with traveling for jobs? How do you like it? Does driving eventually become the worst thing ever, making it dreadful to do? I don't mind driving as long as I can stretch for a minute or two. 
----
Post ID: 1531
Calling in due to anxiety and throwing up
Okay so I have extremely bad anxiety to the point of needing to take medication for and even then sometimes it’s not enough. I end up throwing up due to it and it makes it really hard for me to leave my house. Recently I’ve been waking up, seeing the news, getting anxiety, and then throwing up. It was so bad this morning that I called in for today and tomorrow after I finished throwing up knowing my anxiety would last. 
For a little more background my team currently doesn’t have a manager and we’re reporting to our director. They said in a meeting to not bother them with requests, so I took that as not telling them about sick day requests. I told the person I typically would tell along with my past manager and thought I was good to go. 
I then get a message from my director telling me I’ve done the process incorrectly and that I didn’t specify why I was taking off. I apologized for the miscommunication and told them I was throwing up. 
They then proceeded to tell me I was suspicious for taking two days off, and not telling them I was sick and taking the days off. I’m not sick though, I’m anxious. My past manager was very understanding due to her knowledge of my past with anxiety and mental illness so I never felt bad for taking days off when needed. Now I feel like I shouldn’t be taking those days off due to it being “suspicious”.

Should I clarify I’m not sick and it’s anxiety or should I just let them think I’m sick?
----
Post ID: 1536
What do I do? I feel stuck.
I feel stuck. I just got fired from my job and I keep bombing interviews due to what I think might be social anxiety (I start stuttering, forgetting information I've practiced, my muscles tense up and my face  gets sore) I've only ever gotten jobs because I got really good referrals or I got lucky and landed in one of those "You start today" situations because they really needed someone. I have a long mechanical background and I'm trying to break away from it because from all the senior techs I've seen around me none of them are ever happy with their job. But every time I have an interview I get interrogated of "Why are you not doing something with your mechanical background" "you have all these certifications what makes you want to work here?" and it makes me feel stuck to this field. Did I mess up by even putting it on my resume? Would it be better to just not mention it at all or would that hurt my ability to get a job?
----
Post ID: 1541
Are my red flags valid?
Posted this on career guidance as well....

&#x200B;

I interviewed for a fully remote position on last week while sick as a dog. I rescheduled it from the previous day thinking I would be feeling a bit better, which was not the case.

The interview:

The recruiter sent an email asking me to have my camera on and wear professional attire. I’m not sure why they needed to point this out but okay, I obliged.

It was a 2-person panel consisting of the Hiring Manager (which would be my manager) and a new-ish Training guy. The manager never turned her camera on at all and at the start, she blurted out…tell me about your background. Now I was already annoyed because there were no introductions. I gave a high-level overview of my background and then she spoke about the job.

Now, this is where my spidey senses kicked in….The job is for a vendor manager/project manager with an HR/L&D team. I was asked exactly one question about vendor mgmt, but everything else was centered around project mgmt (for example: what is scope creep). Now I’ve managed several projects over my career but am absolutely not a project manager. She barely spoke about vendor mgmt which I have no issue with. She stated that she expects this person to balance numerous projects and get their PMP. She also stated that this person would be her right hand when it comes to managing budgets and advising them team when budgets are low, etc.

The job description says PMP and Accounting experience preferred but not required.

Also, I would ask to new guy questions about the team or his experiences thus far, and she would cut him off. She seemed a bit aggressive honestly and it was a bit off-putting to say the least.

I applied due to the L&D and vendor mgmt aspect. I made it to interview #3, which I have to give a ppt presentation to my would-be manager and VP of the company on Scoop Creep. I’d never heard of this phrase until I googled it. My husband thinks they are trying to get a Project Mgr on the cheap under the guise of, we’ll pay for you to obtain it (for reference, the job pays a max of $92k).

Like I stated earlier, I wasn’t feeling well at all, so I didn’t ask any clarifying questions.

I understand this is a highly sought after cert but honestly, after three kiddos, my master’s and a myriad of certifications already under my belt, I have zero desire to obtain this. I can foresee issues if the job is offered, and I don’t work toward getting it.

I’ve been searching for a job for a few months and definitely need one, but I don’t want to jump out the fire into the frying pan so to speak. I literally left the interview feeling utterly confused as it did not correlate to the description.

Am I nuts for going thru with interview 3 or turning it down, if offered?

\*I have a strong 75% chance that it will be
----
Post ID: 1548
How long does it take to know if you're bad at your job?
Been at my job a year, not doing very well at all, everyday is very stressful and I struggle a lot. I'm not knowledgeable, I'm confused all the time and I feel very incompetent. Colleagues say I just need practice but after a year I'm worried if I just don't have what it takes.

Considering a job change but tbh I've never enjoyed any job I've had, it's just I've performed better at previous jobs. This one pays better and opens more doors but every day is an absolute mental hammering for me.

Should I stay and try and persevere, despite being well below average at my performance here? Or is that wasting my potential in other fields I might pursue?
----
Post ID: 1568
Short notice interview for dream job - Manager denied time off what do I??
I'm through to the final stage of the hiring process for a reputable tech consulting firm we all know of. The role is a degree apprenticeship in tech consulting - it's what I'm passionate about and is literally my way out of this shitty call centre job I've been working in for the past 5 months after I dropped out of uni.

The final round is an assessment centre - the issue is that the company I applied to gave just 3 days notice to confirm my attendance for the AC after the penultimate round. I've asked my manager for time off but there doesn't seem to be any chance. 

It'll be obvious ofc but should I call in sick? I'm still in my probation period which causes me to worry about job security. To add to that I haven't been the most punctual recently... 

All in the past 6 weeks: I've taken 2 weeks bereavement leave (genuine), I came into work for the incorrect shift schedule on 2 occasions (miscommunication) and this week I was two hours late for oversleeping - I'm really not a tardy person when it comes to job work ethic but yeh its just been like this as of recent. 

What are my options dear redditors?
----
Post ID: 1587
I feel like i cant get a job with a high school diploma??
I have no desire to attend college or any program because I'm aware that I tend to procrastinate. I've been actively looking for a job, even a remote one, but I haven't had any success. Most job opportunities in my area or online require a degree in a specific field. I did come across one potential position, but I doubt I’ll receive a response because I feel I lack the necessary skills. My only experience is in typing and handling phone calls, which I haven't practiced since 2019. I've been on the job hunt for several years, especially due to challenges like serving as a caretaker and dealing with anxiety and depression.
----
Post ID: 1595
How did you cope with being put on the PIP?
So my boss took me aside and told me that I was supposedly underperforming because I was rushing my work and missing tasks, even though work at the time was slow. 

I was given two weeks to improve before deciding whether or not to be placed on the PIP. I started slowing down, printing my work, catching my own mistakes, and completed my work correctly. 

I was still placed on the PIP because my project manager felt that I while I have improved significantly, he told my boss he didn't completely trust me to complete tasks, because I was being so thorough that I was diving into specific things I shouldn't have, even though they had a direct impact on my tasks.

I also started to overcorrect myself after being placed on the PIP. A different project manager, a senior PM (different person from my boss), got mad at me because I was checking my work after I was done. I didn't tell her I ran out of work that day because I didn't want people to accuse me of rushing. Now she's mad because I didn't give her enough time to prepare work for me the next day, since she's busy with her own projects.

I've noticed on Fridays, my PM has recently been ghosting me on the past few weeks, since that's our WFH day. This was a day before his vacation, but I noticed it multiple times before then and it makes me a little anxious.

I started updating my resume, but it's emotionally draining to start job hunting, because it's really hard for someone of my level to find work or get taken seriously, despite my efficiency or time in the industry.
----
Post ID: 1617
Hi i just started a new job and moved cross country for it. Im really nervous to start and feel like i would mess up. How can i get over these negative feelings?
I moved cross country from Buffalo New York to Portland Oregon to work for Amtrak as a baggaeman/clerk. My dad works for Amtrak so he pushed me to apply everywhere which I did I was excited to work for Amtrak and I moved across country and put all my eggs in one basket for them because I want to this job very badly because it’s a federal government. I’m very nervous to start because I feel like I would fuck up I have been fired from 2 jobs and i have always considered myself a good employee. One was for getting into a fight with a coworker (long story short was the person said something very hurtful to me) the other honestly was just an in between job because i was interviewing for amtrak and didnt care how well I did. I went to the station today to introduce myself to my new coworkers 2 weeks before i started. What advice can you give me to help me through this anxiety?
----
Post ID: 1710
Noticed Job Posting for position I accepted offer for was reposted on LinkedIn
I accepted a position a couple of weeks ago to start with a new company in June and noticed that my role was posted yesterday on LinkedIn….I am feeling some anxiety that my offer was rescinded without any notice. Could anyone confirm if this could be the case? Should I reach out? Thanks!
----
Post ID: 1849
I might be working the graveyard shift, but want to know if it’s worth it
So I am potentially being considered to go work somewhere 4 days a week, 12 hour overnight shift. I have personally never worked overnights before, only first and second shift but I am 20 years old and I’m being told by some friends and family that working this shift can mess up my mental health. I honestly don’t know what I’ll be walking into if I decide to work at this place, the pay is so tempting but is it worth losing my sanity? Any advice on how I can handle this or move on to another job that’s first or second shift hours?
----
Post ID: 2008
How to know when you are going to be fired/let go?
I have been working at this job for more than one year full time. It is not the most passionating job but it is related to my studies and it’s also fully from home which I love.

Nevertheless, I’ve had less and less work over the last few weeks. It’s not really the company doing, it’s more that we have less clients. I have been compensating by doing a lot of things in advance but now, I have a colleague complaining that I do too much in advance and it’s not useful. But I can’t do nothing because the work is monitored by tasks. I have no choice but to do stuff in advance.

Realistically, I could be easily replaceable/let go with all the work I have done in advance and I am scared. I don’t want to lose my job as I have an amazing work/life balance and my mental health is not good enough for me to find a job where I go to the office every day. 

It happened last year that I had less work too but then, it got back to normal. This year though, it’s way longer.

I should probably start looking for other positions but at the same time, I don’t want to leave if they don’t think of letting me go at all as I could still be useful in the future. It’s also a small team and they had trouble finding people.

Do you think I will be let go anyway? Tips?
----
Post ID: 2018
Can My Wife Get Fired for This?
My wife works in the HR department of a university. She confessed to me today that, using her work computer, she checked the school’s database to see what some of the salaries of her co-worker’s are, including her boss’. She was not authorized to do this. She can look up other employee salaries only if she gets a legitimate request from a third party that needs to verify income of a school employee.

Her boss found out from the IT department that my wife’s user name and pass was connected with the unauthorized searches. He called her to a meeting and asked my wife if she did this. He said she wouldn’t be fired. Right away she got very nervous and denied it.

She looked up the salaries to see if she was getting paid fairly in comparison to others, and also out of curiosity. She admits what she did was wrong and has been feeling horrible. I am very upset with her as well. This wasn’t the smartest thing to do from a work computer.

Now our main worry is that she loses a job with good benefits which allows her to work remotely two days a week. What are the chances of her being fired? Can she do anything proactively now to minimize risk? Should she just confess and apologize? Maybe she could say, regarding her initial denial, that she was just afraid and in unprepared for the discussion?

Also, just before this she got a five star review from her boss (just before he found out). 

Thanks!

Joe
----
Post ID: 2022
Telephone operator for hospital
Hi guys. I have an interview for a telephone operator at a hospital. I’m unhappy at my current job, for several reasons. I’m nervous for this interview, and if I get the job; will I even like it? Or find it more stressful? I’m looking for advice from people that have/had this position, some interview tips, and how their job satisfaction is/was. Thank you! 

----
Post ID: 2079
Over 700 applications as I watch the financial market burn
The outside world thinks I’m fine. Like the dog in the fire meme.

Tonight. This morning. 4am. I’m absolutely fucking terrified of the world and the future. I’m full of anger hatred and fear. For which there is no outlet. No relief. No end and no reprieve. I watch the financial world burn. This I feel now. I’m still a month away from making any money. Everyday a month away. Investments fall. There is nothing, no hope felt. No promise. No help. No chance. 

LinkedIn over 700 applications. I write cover letters for every job that accepts one. I take it personally when a company rejects my resume for several positions I’m very qualified for. I stay in contact with all the recruiters I can. I started cold calling everyone I’ve worked with. I apply to jobs within minutes of them being posted. I’m not holding out for any particular position just anything that will allow me to pay my mortgage.

20 years of experience. I can’t get interviews. I’m studying leetcode. I made flash cards. Re-learning basic algorithm coding that I’ll never in my job. I’m a frontend developer. I’ve always been a frontend developer. I’m turned away from jobs because I never went to college. I wanted to.

This post helps no one. It does no good. It puts nothing good into the world. But if you read it thanks. Thanks for hearing me cry. Thank you for listening to my tiny violin.
----
Post ID: 2084
Drug-testing pre employment in NYC
Hi everyone!

I recently got accepted for an office job in NYC and I am quite happy about it.

The only thing that worries me is going through the drug-test since I am a regular weed user.

I keep reading everywhere online that employers in NY state are not permitted to test employees for marijuana use, unless we are talking about sensitive jobs like working with heavy machinery or children. However I am still stressing about it and I would like to know what the odds are for my company to test for weed.

Also, would the NY state law still apply if I take the drug test out of state?

Thank you everyone who can help me out on this one!
----
Post ID: 2099
Potentially might get demoted for this.
So unfortunately I had a family emergency the other day but because people at my work are very nosy and always are asking questions I chose not to say that. My life is private and I don’t want anyone feeling bad or sorry for me I already had a very public emergency at work in my past and everyone asked me about it everyday (different job but just don’t want to repeat history).


Unfortunately the story I fabricated was my tire popped on the freeway I used an old picture and it got traced back got written up yesterday for it and my upper management will discuss it further. When written up there were multiple managers present and did not feel comfortable discussing anything regarding what happened because one of them is someone who would spread everything throughout our workspace. So I opted to tell one manager I trust in a private setting and he will discuss it further with upper management. 

I know I have the right to disclose my information and I could have left it at that but now it became a bigger issue I am in leadership and my job takes that very seriously and I lied to them when I called off. I just feel defeated because I am just trying to take care of my family during this time and have enough drama I am dealing with now I can’t even escape it at work. What do I do? If anything 

----
Post ID: 2109
has the job search taken a toll on your body or health? 
I have been looking 11 months now; over 1600 applications. 

525 rejections, (about) 900 ghosting me. 55 interviews by phone or video, 4 in-person. of those 4, only one I wasn't the best candidate (a woman with a law license and industry connections). I also got feedback. this was the best interview I ever had in my life. 

I am depressed, burnt out, short temper, and hate humanity. I had worked through ptsd years ago, finally got past it, and it no longer affected my life. the hardest part was learning to let go of righteous anger. 

I looked in the mirror the other day and thought I am looking like I was rode hard and put away wet. I have always looked much younger than I actually am. my hair seems to have thinned, my skin not as smooth. I had some health scares and issues that I have a zero risk for. 

I thought about an article that I read about how us presidents look before they take office and after. for every 4 years in office, they age 10 years. I attribute the toll on my body to this job hunting process. I am trying to keep positive, I don't want to hate humanity, but that is so hard to do when I am being given such justification to do so. 

my take away is that you really need to take better care of yourself when job hunting. do not neglect yourself. 

has anyone else had the job search take a toll on your body or health?
----
Post ID: 2192
Failing at my job
I started out my new job great. I mean the rate I was at, I was a star employee infront of managers. However, a work bully decides to get me into a lot of trouble for something untrue. We both lost during the investigation but that person still won. They were a favorite amongst coworkers. People love her. She knows how to manipulative others to thinking she is a good person. She tarnished my reputation completely. 

Now, anything small thing I mistake, I get introuble for it. She has gotten away with so much worse and no consequences. I don't know what to do at this point. The job also has a union, but they don't reply to messages. I have contemplating ended my life and made an attempt at one point. 

I tried applying everywhere and nothing back. How is it someone can get away with things that can get you fired according to the rules, but one mishap and I get warnings?
----
Post ID: 2307
A tough journey
I am in my final year to graduate with a degree in business and law. August is the last month to get a job or else I am messed up. I am in Canada for a temporary research role and will be back in my country in September. I've mailed the industry leaders, sent messages to more than 300 hiring managers on LinkedIn, and applied on career sites but all I faced was rejection. With a background in the metaverse, I am planning on learning blockchain development if that gets me employed. This is the scariest time I have been in and it is now starting to affect my health. If I don't get a job then I will be officially in a homeless shelter. Any help/suggestion would be highly appreciated.
----
Post ID: 2324
The first job of a fresh graduate anxious feeling
Hi, I got my job offer today, and I feel anxious about my very first job ever is there any training for a new employee? I apply for a technical support engineer and I recently graduated from last year's BSIT 2021. What if I don't accomplish what I need to do on the first day of my job omg I'm so scared thinking about that.
----
Post ID: 2369
Too afraid to ask for an update because I know that I'm not going to get the job.
I just want to rant here. It’s been a week now since the interview, and I can't help but think that I bombed it because I was under the weather at that time. They told me that if I get the job, they will inform me within 1-2 weeks. However, there's still a part of me holding on to hope. This job is like a dream to me. At least if I know I've been rejected, I can move on (well, I hope so) and start applying to jobs again. I've been thinking about the interview for a whole week now! I wish I could turn back time.
----
Post ID: 2412
I’m so terrified to quit with no notice (planning on doing it Wed afternoon)
I haven’t been at this job very long, unfortunately, but there are several issues I’m having with it. 

I am getting so scared because I plan on quitting giving day before/ of notice on the fourth of july and taking my laptop in the day before and then sending an email saying I’m done.

I have emailed a job before and quit very early into the job. I have also walked in and had an awkward yet necessary question with a nice, young manager.

My current manager usually is nasty and unapproachable, but when she has vacation coming up she feigns niceness, as if we are to forget all the times she verbally belittled us in front of the whole team previously when things were stressful. As a result, I cannot have an in-person conversation with her. I am shaking now thinking of her finding the email and becoming nasty and petty as a result.

I hope I am making the right decision. I’m terrified if I email her she will try calling me and harassing me or worse or not paying me or something.

1.5 more days til go time… and I’m worried I’ll ruin her Fourth 😬😔
----
Post ID: 2413
How do I stop feeling anxiety about my job.
I am a 27M and I am a Community Television Coordinator at a large retirement community. We record all sorts of events, classes, and presentations on campus. We also occasionally set up AV for certain events. We do a live news show every week to let the senior know the sorts of stuff happening on campus. I've been there for 3 months and honestly I feel incredibly drained mentally and physically. It's a good 9-5 Mon-Fri. Good Salary. But my crippling anxiety just won't allow me to enjoy myself. I'm always worried I'm gonna miss something up or make a mistake. I struggle to connect with my coworkers on a daily basis. They all seem like such a close knit group, and here I come, the outsider trying his best to fit in. Im usually very quiet and stick to editing projects and getting work done. I just feel so awkward and anxious every single day. Every time I feel like got the hang of things, there's some new aspect of the job I have to wrap my head around. When I ask questions I feel so stupid an naive. Ive always struggled with anxiety in every aspect of my life but that's another post for another time. I just want to feel happy again. I want to feel content with my life and okay with myself, but it so hard and I'm so tired. My head feels like it's gonna explode. I can't stand it what should I do?
----
Post ID: 2447
I'm pregnant and worried that spiteful manager will fire me 
I (30f) am currently 25 weeks pregnant. I live in Ireland but work for a very huge, well-known multinational financial firm that's based in the US but has a few branches in Ireland. My manager, "Steve", has been a nightmare. I'm a data engineer and for months he's been constantly overstepping everyone's work life boundaries. Our contract is 9-5:30, M-F with occasional on-call shifts, but Steve regularly calls up myself and my teammates outside of work hours or on call shifts telling us we need to work on this or that. I'm talking phone calls at 11pm, 5am, even on weekends. My father passed away a few weeks ago, he tried pressuring me to take only a half day of bereavement leave instead of a full day for his funeral. I'm the most extroverted on my team so I've been the most vocal about his toxic behavior. I've openly pushed back against him in meetings where he's trying to get us to come in last minute on a Saturday, which happens often. I've complained to HR and they've had a word with him but to no avail. I have a friend named "Stacy" who is also a manager who's in these meetings with Steve, she also despises him. Stacy called me today to let me know "hey be careful, Steve is telling everyone that your work is shit and you're spending all your time gossiping about the shitty work environment. He's also blatantly denying any crazy late night weekend calls." I know Steve is spiteful and sneaky, I'm worried he's going to do something before I go on maternity leave like somehow get me fired. What should I do? If Steve does try to get me fired, how good are his chances considering I'm pregnant and we've all been complaining about his unfair treatment for about 7 months now?
----
Post ID: 2458
Good job for a teen with anxiety ?
Seems like everywhere you have to deal with customers which I’m very confident until my first job so far my manager makes me feel really bad about my anxiety sometimes I do really well and work hard but then I get anxiety attacks once it gets busy and I can’t handle the pressure in fast food, then with retail stores I’ve tried but then they can tell I’m a quiet person. It’s like they judge me too fast. I’m 16. I was thinking of restocking for places but I need more ideas as well if anyone has any.
----
Post ID: 2507
Interviewer said I’d get a call back today probably. Should I believe it?
Had an interview with a small chain store yesterday and I thought I did well. She liked my answers, I was very open about when and what times I could work as well as my past experience. I asked the right questions and when she asked if I had retail experience I flipped it. Saying no, but I had a job that was very similar and here’s why. It went well. She was late to the interview but I didn’t mind at all and I’d really like to work there, plus they seemed like they really needed people. 



I asked when I’d expect to here back by, and she said probably tomorrow (today). Granted it’s only 3 pm, but my interview yesterday was at 1 so my hope is quickly dwindling. I don’t want to jump the gun and think I didn’t get it, but I’m starting to get sad as it seemed perfect. 


If they don’t call back exactly when they say, should I be worried?
----
Post ID: 2522
Have you ever felt like you don't know what the f*** is going on ?
 Please i know this is long af but really need someone to relate to me because i'm slowly getting depressed :

I am fed up of being dumb.

I'm a 21 y.o marketing trainee in a big german compagny. Global leader in it's field. To set the context i'm in sandwich course : 2 weeks in the office and 1 week in business school.

Working here is the best thing that happened to my emergent professional life : Great work environnement, great colleagues, interesting task and fringe benfits ect ...

Now let's talk about me : This is my first ever job. I really want to do my best and satisfy my manager by providing quality work that will add value to my company.

But sometimes I just feel I am losing my grip on everything : i start loosing motivation, getting too distracted and making huge stupid mistakes that sometimes leads to bad consequences (failing tasks because i forgot some parts of instruction and guidelines given to me by my manager or our director, not being able to return the information correclty becausse i am too distracted or screw up tasks because i just can't focus ...).

I am also constantly sleep-deprivated : Not because i'd rather being awake all night doing shit, but because life litterally gave to me a 12 hours sleep need that i simply can't achieve because of today's life rythm + my 1 hour driving every morning to go to work and assignments and exam revisions for school : I'm ashamed to write this but when my manager is not here i simply fall asleep on my desk which i know is rude and completely unprofessional.

Here's the thing : My manager and our director are litterally sweethearts : They are very patient with me and never made any negative comment regarding me or my work directly to me : they take the time to re-explain everything when i'm struggling despite their huge workload. In fact, the director once told me that i was doing a pretty decent job, despite that i was making mistakes, which was normal according to her since i'm only a trainee and that i was also curious and eager to learn which is good in our field ect ... And my manager also told me before he resigned that i was doing a good job.

But i feel like their feedback should not comfort me in my situation : i want to improve my work and efficiency but i feel like i am physically and mentally unable to do something correctly : Everything always had to be flawed with me.

The triggering event was yesterday when we greeted my newly hired manger. Don't know him yet but he seems to be friendly and is highly skilled.

We had to schedule with our director a meeting to debrief him on every pending work and projects that has to be done : And i was simply unable to present to him the projects correctly and the director was always correcting me. During the meeting I was listening to our director and another coworker that we bought in the meeting talking about a project I am highly involved in but i felt like i had no idea what they are talking about. They seemed to have a good grasp of the discussed topic while i kept agreeing and noding without assimilate anything.

And today my new manager started to notice my first omissions and mistakes. Which made me anxious and it made me doing one mistake after another.

This post was mostly to vent but i am also seeking reassurance right know : Has any of you (managers, seniors or lower positions ..) ever felt like losing grip on everything ? Or did you ever had an employee like that in your company ? How was it handled ?

Thank you if you took the time to read all of this diary looking-like post.
----
Post ID: 3002
I hate my job but am worried that it's all bad and I’m just not cut out for this, help?
Hello, I'm 18 and just finished my first year of culinary school. I got a job in October at a banquet kitchen and this is my first job ever. I was scared at first but I figured that was cause I was new. Then I was good for a month or so when I was feeling confident and fitting in a bit more but now I am miserable every single day. 


There are 5 chefs. 1 is incredible and everyone loves him, the other 2 don't really interact with you. That leaves chef K and C left and they are horrible. Specifically chef K. K was ok until recently and now he doesn't give us breaks during our 8-12 hour shifts, has made some of us work in the fridge for 5 hours without proper clothing and one of my friends got a high fever because of this and he told her to bring gloves next time and that it isn't his fault. He also told another friend of mine that he smells and needs to shower (he doesn't smell, only 1 day he did when it was 40 degrees Celsius in the kitchen) 

All the chefs disagree on methods and are constantly fighting so you do it how one chef tells you and you are going against the other chefs and get in trouble. The chefs tell you to do something and you follow and then they change what they said and blame you as if it's your fault. 

Most of the dishwashers are very slow so the kitchen staff stays an extra hour sometimes cleaning dishes (not included in our job at this place) and that's already on top of our usual 9 hour shifts. Some days we work from 1 pm to 12 or 1 am and go back at 6 am for another 11 hour shift and sometimes they won't let you go to the washroom even if there is someone else who can fill in for the 5 minutes you are gone. 

My workplace also has a very bad reputation, the old boss sexually assaulted workers and other chefs from outside this place know our current head chef to be bad but idk. I need perspective. Thank you


So that's my workplace. I want to find a job at a golf club (there are like 6 near me plus a few yacht clubs and like 4 places are hiring right now) but I'm scared everything is going to be like this and maybe I'm just a wimp. I hate my job so much that I wished to get my period tomorrow so I don't have to go (I get debilitating cramps and am throwing up and sobbing so it's not pleasant, says a lot that I'd prefer those to work) and everyday almost cry before I go upstairs to work. My body has started giving signals I don't like this job because in the past two weeks my back has started aching everyday at work , but I'm very scared that I'm just not cut out for this industry. 

Can someone give me perspective? Am I weak and should I stick it out or should I look for a new job? 

Also I am good at working like chefs who were hired after me thought I finished my degree because they said I seem more experienced that other people in my class and I just got a promotion here (no more money) to second cook along with 2 other people. (we chefs-sous chefs- 1st cook - 2nd cooks- kitchen help - dishwashers)
----
Post ID: 3015
resigning from a job in person in a toxic work environment.
I need advice on putting in my resignation. i have not been at this job long, i am young and have been their shit kicker and punching bag and i’m looking for a way out. 

i am honestly terrified to resign and work out my notice period, as it a small team and incredibly toxic. any tips for what to say when resigning in person (i am comfortable with lying if it makes them feel bad for me) would be greatly appreciated! i need to get out quick and hopefully as sane as possible.

thanks
----
Post ID: 3017
Career/life advice needed
Hey all, I’m really needing advice on what I should do moving forward with my current career path. I’m 21, almost 22, I’ve been studying Beauty since I was 16. I completed a Cert III and then I obtained my diploma, now I’m currently studying my associates degree in dermal science, in my second year. I’ve struggled to find a job in this industry, only having one job for a few months previously, and I landed another job in the beauty industry at a spa in November. Now, the opportunity to work here is amazing, and it’s a very small group of people in a great location with good clients. I also have a co worker who started at the same time as me, the same age (everyone else in the workplace is a lot older). 

Anyway, to start with, I feel like I ruined my chances very quickly during the early stages when we first started training. I had a panic attack and while the owner was very understanding and nice about it, I think it really impacted how they see me as an employee. She said she wanted to take things slow with me, which I appreciated, but I’ve only been working once a week, not trained in anything new while my co worker has been trained in a lot of treatments and works 3-4 times a week. Now, for three weeks, I’ve had zero shifts. I’ve always been very proactive about trying to receive more training or if there’s anything I can do to improve my skills, but the owner tells me it’s not a reflection of my performance and I’m doing great. She just tells me that work is “quiet” and there are not enough clients. This feels hard to believe as my co workers are getting on average 30 clients a month, while I only had 6 last month. 

On top of this, the co worker that started at the same time as me seems to really dislike me from the way she’s acted towards me, messaging me at the beginning out of frustration she wasn’t getting enough shifts and implying it was my fault. She’s also super bubbly and outgoing to everyone else, meanwhile I won’t even get a hello from her, acting very cold towards me. She also has ignored me in the work group chat while she responds to everyone else. Even though I’ve only been seeing her once a week, it was really putting a damper onto me mentally. 

I’m starting to wonder if it’s even worth being in this workplace and waiting for shifts to come. It’s kind of crushing me because it was hard enough to find this job, and the unpredictability, competitive behaviour, and lack of job security is making it hard for me to enjoy this industry in general. I had a hard time enough at my beauty school as I was ostracised and bullied by some of my peers and I feel burnt out as a result. I also feel stuck with changing careers since I’ve racked up so much debt, especially continuing with my degree when I hate it so much but I thought I could power through if I could eventually become a cosmetic nurse and see $$$$ as a reward for my hard work. I honestly have no idea what I’d do as another career though, I don’t feel super passionate about anything (except astronomy but I’m terrible at math so that’s a no, and maybe nutrition). But I don’t have an ATAR so I’d have to start right from the bottom which sounds just as bad. 

I don’t know if I just need a change of scenery all together because my mum and her side of the family lives overseas in the US. I’ve always felt more hopeful and had a sense of belonging over there every-time I’ve been. I’m very depressed in my current state living with my dad, feeling lost with no sense of direction and not really having any friends either to ease the situation. 

Has anyone been in a similar situation before? Where they’ve been studying something for so long and their soul has been crushed from the whole experience with no idea where to go next? It’s so exhausting. 
----
Post ID: 3536
I don't know what to do and choose
So I applied a lot recently and did some interviews that ended up to be positive. So far it's great.

The issues are that I am scared to work, I have never been in a situation where I had some choices but not all of them said they would take me except one that I will begin tomorrow

I have to think about myself and the best for me they say as well as people around me. If it was just me taking decision I wouldn't even want to work, because I think I am good at nothing and wouldn't feel good 

I am trying to believe in myself but this ain't easy. I am sure there are others good candidates around that applied too, so my application is maybe good but I am not unique or special 

It's funny that I am able to sell myself during a interview but it's easy to me since it's a one time thing. Being good and competent during the job, that's the hard part... The learning part as well

Ah anyway ... I am sorry I just have nobody that can understand. I know this isnt my psychologist
----
Post ID: 3638
Depression won. I’m so angry at myself. Didn’t show to job I really wanted.
Finally got a job (entry level) into my field that I’ve been wanting to work in.. was supposed to start today.. didn’t get out of bed and slept all day. Been having suicidal thoughts all day. Meds and therapy haven’t been working (been years, tried so many different therapist and meds) 

Basically told the job the truth and they wished me luck to get better. I regret it so much so now I’m 10x more depressed. Literally don’t know why I’m alive. Wanted to reach back out but that impression I’ve made is ruined. Fortunately I did reach out to my doctor to ask for a change in meds. I feel pathetic.
----
Post ID: 4014
Talked to like a child..
Sometimes I have an interview and it goes like this:

- interviewer is excited to talk to me because my resume is strong 

- I stammer over my words because I am nervous so interviewer looks at me with a very clearly furrowed brow. 

- as the interview picks up, I speak more clearly and smoothly. Interviewer looks very interested and sometimes even impressed  and excited again. 

- we get to the question portion and my questions seem to reinforce to them that I am an idiot. Now they look slightly annoyed.

- at the end of the interview they ask if I have any questions. I usually ask “is there anything I can address from our conversation today that concerns you?” And they start talking to me like I am a child. 

End interview. 

What the heck? I know I have social anxiety. But it’s more than that. It’s like I am not speaking English when I ask my questions. I have always seemed to think wrong or approach things upside down so to speak. It’s hard to explain but when I get the question portion I really botch it up. What should I do?
----
Post ID: 4015
How do you feel about AI
Whenever I talk to someone older about ai I hear “oh they said the same thing about computers and look what happened, jobs weren’t taken” but I have a hard time believing that’s what’s happening with ai. Once ai takes those jobs they’re gone, it’s not people working less, or people getting easier jobs, but just more unemployed people. 
----
Post ID: 4034
Yelling or raising voice at colleagues at work , is that insulting?
colleagues at work yell at me yesterday at front of the whole office about something that relate to me , report that to hr and the my manager. 
Now i am scared because i dont what will come next ! 
Why does i feel guilty even when i am the victim here ! 
----
Post ID: 4078
I don't know what I wanna do for a career anymore! I honestly don't know what to do anymore with my life and my current job doesn't pay well!
Title says it all!
----
Post ID: 4087
Being honest with new employer?
Hello. 

So I recently resigned from one school and I’m starting with a new one next academic year. 
There is a small issue with the new school, they need to get me on their system but according to them, I’m still assigned to my old school. 

Now my old school, who were late to get approvals and pay fees for the system, are telling me to tell the new school to wait 2 weeks because they’re on “vacation”. They’re not, they just need time to fix what they’ve done. I’m worried this will mess with my chances of having this job even though I’ve signed an offer letter (not the contract though)

Should I be honest with the new school about what happened? I’m a very anxious person and this whole thing is messing me up.
----
Post ID: 4094
Do virtual interviews usually get recorded?
I’m so awkward on virtual interviews and my self consciousness makes it so hard for me to smile if at all. I really hope that they don’t rewatch it or record it so someone else watches it. Does anyone have any knowledge of this? I’ve interviewed on Microsoft Team. And I have no idea what goes behind this.
----
Post ID: 4098
I don't know what's going on anymore
it's really really really long but please tell me if i am in the wrong.

&#x200B;

I started working at this company a year ago, the position I applied for is Performance Marketing, had an interview with them and i was hired basically a day later. ( might have been a red flag )

during the interview I asked about what kind of job is this going to be and how demanding will it be and the answers I was given were straightforward and i liked it.

the job isnt very demanding and since it's a web3 startup I thought it would be cool to work with them. I asked them about the marketing team and they said there are 7 people in the marketing team. once i started working with them, it went from 7 people to 1 person ... ME 

So I was handling Performance Marketing, growth, social media marketing and content creation all together and suddenly I was made a Community Manager on top of that, as well as doing PR and doing IR . so it got a little bit overwhelming but i pushed through, I was learning new things and everything was fine. plus its a remote / hybrid job with very flexible hours who am I to complain right ?

a little detail I am a foreigner living abroad so basically linked to the company with a visa, also  it's a non speaking company working completely at a global scale, meaning everyone at work speaks a different language ( i am good at it, but not native good). which means on top of everything I have to translate everything to Korean, and Im being paid the base line for the position i applied for.

fast forward since I was taking on the role of CM temporary, boss decided to hire someone from our community for the role who just kinda happened to be kind of a friend of his (im not sure how close they are but i know they go back few years).

Now that new CM does great at his job, he was has a great knowledge in the web3 industry and cause they do trade they kinda know all about the new projects, thats what he is into before joining our company, but it is just that CM. since it is his job, i left it for him to do, i do provide him with content to Announce, or sometimes he just copy and paste my posts from other channels, something i didnt use to do. i would always write content for each channel separately cause i believed the audience is different. then i noticed that boss started to tag him in posts and things that are my job and asks him to do it and at the end of the day i end up doing,  a week in and he puts him Team manager. and i honestly didnt like it. i went to the office and my boss came to me for a talk, honestly i saw it coming, i wasn't doing anything wrong and i was doing my job right so there was nothing to be scared about.

he starts asking how everything is going and i'm just updating him about everything, he said thats good, and then he calls me out on a KPI that i didnt get done. ( to my defense he changed the strategy 1 week before the task ended, and didnt wanna use influencers agency who have the data and was like i want 20 of those big ass influencers, initially we were only targeting macro to medium not even size influencers ) .. i managed to get in contact with few, but most of them dont check their DMs or even their emails so what am I supposed to do honestly. maybe its my fault, i was sleeping 5 hours a day and my working time all of it was me contacting influencers, those who answer, they either have fake followers or ask a lot of money and when we go like this is our offer they go MIA . I took the L and he was like its a warning. I was like okay understandable .. for some reason it fell on me.

after a while i told him that i started to feel left out, and i asked him why do you guys keep taking away stuff that i do, just so that at the end i end up doing them, why not come to me directly and ask, why dont you tag me in every conversation thats improtant... and he said, he felt like i have so much to do already and thought its better to just ask someone else instead  ( that will be important later )

now since its a remote job we rely on written notion pages and slack messages to stay updated about the campaigns and the projects. and i always do just that. to this day there was never a meeting between both the product team and the marketing team, and the way it has been going is product team write down the details about the product such as user guides and tutorial, since a little bit technical and they give it to the marketing team so we can write down a more detailed version of it in the announcement ( when i say we, i mean I )

i was tagged to check the said user guide for grammar mistakes as usual, and the CM / marketing manager also looked at it, and literally wrote 2 words, 2  and with that in today's meeting said that he participated and helped the product team

so in today's meeting the product team came to complain about how the job marketing team should be doing, product/ dev team are doing ( same 3 people cause they aint hiring more people ) and when we asked what exactly they said user guide product has to write it everytime, how does that make sense. blablabla but shouldnt the product team be the one who write details and guide about the product and deliver it to the marketing team so that we learn more about the product ? and shouldnt there be a sync meeting or marketing<>product meeting everytime there is something new? its hard to keep up with those slack conversations, and most of them do be happening in the middle of the night.

one thing about our company, they do have notices for people to join a testing of a new product, like 4 to 5 people, and its usually dev and product team. CM who do CS, I am not going to do the CM's job for him and I already have a lot in hand so i dont join the testings, but i do read the tutorial and everything else, just i have to support the CS ( there are 2 people who do CS, the CM which basically why he was hired for, and one of the dev and i assist from time to time)

during today's meeting i was blamed why i dont join the testings for the CS ( even tho its not my job) and my boss was like why does the CM join every test and  you don't,  .... BECAUSE IT IS HIS POSITION you hired him for that position and that is all he needs to do and do anyways,

one thing about me is im not gonna gonna say sorry if i dont know what have I done wrong, and with me not apologizing my boss decided to humiliate me in front of other team members and was like talking informally with me and telling me to shut the fuck up and being so rude and disrespectful and he brought up the talk we had about just the influencer KPI and made it sound like it was because of this same issue, and then said something along the lines of i should be embarrassed that my job  is taking from and given to someone else, and i should understand it as i'm not good at my job and whats not and that if i wanna keep working for them and have a salary then i should shut the fuck up and work harder. i was so shocked at how he was speaking like that, just because he got someone as his friend working at the team, when i say the team ( 5 people including boss, and i am the only one who has to do anything regarding the marketing team. performance marketing i only got to it 6 times so far and it was what i applied for initially but since the products arent officially launched yet i was able to do anything in that regard. and on top of that he wants me to do the CS's work and the product team's work as well. if dev and product are complaining why not hire more people to take that role, why does everything have to fall over me. and even when it comes to marketing strategies he doesnt let me do it, he does it cause it is part of the planning team's job and i just have to keep up with the swarm of campaigns he decided to take part of.

I really like this company and i was giving it my all ( i like it cause of the flexible work hours and the work culture, its fun )

why am I being blamed for them having poor management

why should i keep doing someone else's job for them  (they always say they are dying at work and have so much to do and because of work they are always sleeping at 5 -6 am, while in reality that is their sleeping schedule and they are just casually answer tickets from time to time during the night, or go to slack and join the dev team's convo

but everything else marketing content performance influencers, pr and even IR lately i do it ?

one person of the design team has a weekly task lately translation to another language not english which is something i do on daily basis and they talk and make sure to mention that its time consuming and taking a lot of resource while in reality it can be done in 15minsor 20mins max, but whenever they do it they are praised and everyone says its hard work but when i do it its nothing. not even mentioned . and i know for fact that design team's work is seasonal and during most of the time which 70% if they arent asked for something, they have nothing to do. you look at their weekly tasks and its usually just shit i have asked for and i received in 20mins time and other than that nothing.. but they always get praised for the bare minimum and i get blame for shit that isnt even my job and I get talked to so rudely .  


ever since the CM joined the team ( not blaming him, his a nice person) boss changed towards me and felt like he just wants me to miss something so he can talk shit to me, and when other people f up something he goes like, oh well shit happens, lets be careful next time

am i going crazy or am I targeted 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
----
Post ID: 4099
How serious is it to have a highschool diploma/GED
Im 25 and dont have a highschool diploma. I want to be a flight attendant but it says you have to have one or a GED. I have worked at a restaurant, front desk doctor office and front desk insurance company. I lied to the dr office and insurance company and its never been a problem or no one found out but would it be more serious if i lied to go to flight attendant school? Yeah i know i should get it but right now i dont have the means. It sucks but i cant help it right now.
----
Post ID: 4122
Should I send a follow-up to a recruiter who asked me to do so ?(Please read my post, I will explain why I am asking this question)
So for context.
I have applied for a job a bank. I have been selected for a "recorded interview". It went well and I received an email for a phone interview. It also went well. And regarding how the interviewer speaked ro me, he seemed very eager to take me because he explained me they are in hurry and I match what they are looking for. He also added that he will send his recommendation for the next step to his supervisor that should contact me. He also explained that due to Thanksgiving and how it can disrupt the week, if I don't receive an email by the end of the week, to email him back so he can contact his supervisor again for the interview process. 

In my head I tought :"fine, it is heading in the right direction". Now I indeed didn't get the follow-up from the supervisor as planned from the recruiter.  So I will send an email tomorrow morning. 

But I am kind of scared.  Are there people who end up being hired after the supervisor forgot to email them back ?
----
Post ID: 4126
Performance Improvement Plan
My manager told me I’m place on Performance improvement plan. He gave me the paper to sign and I told him I will think about it. Should I sign it?
----
Post ID: 4133
Co-worker called me ”too insecure” which causes me trouble when working with others
Yes, I was talking about a co-worker who doesn’t communicate with me before doing something on days when we share a workstation. I feel annoyed around her because she doesn’t wait and ask me how we should split the tasks between us two. Instead she plays this martys role and begins to multitask in front of me while I’m still accomplishing my first task of the day. And while she does this she talks like ”oh so much to do to day, oh what a day” etc. And I’m like wait, I could’ve done that. 

So I told about this to my team leader and a co-worker. I said that I feel like she’s in panic and thinks she has to do it all alone in a martyr kind of way. 

My team leader then told me that I should learn to communicate with her and that’s my only problem now. That I don’t know how to communicate with people. 

My co-worker instead told me that I’m just so insecure that everyone thinks they have to do all the tasks FOR ME because they don’t think I’m capable of doing anything by myself.

After these comments I got a bit furious inside and wanted to cry during that day. 

Do you think these were nice and appropriate comments about me? I know I overreacted in the first place but was that a bit mean to tell me that I can’t communicate with people and am so insecure that people think I can’t do anything ? 
----
Post ID: 4149
Leadership at 23
So, I have been offered the position of team lead/manager after a year of working where I am. Obviously I am going to take it as it is truly something I want to move into and grow in. The one thing that gets me a little nervous/I think about ahead of time is the pre-existing relationship I have with those I will now have reporting to me. I have an established relationship with the team of 8 that will be reporting to me but they have yet to find out that I will be replacing their former boss. All of them are double my age or more. I am worried about garnering their respect but I also am confident over time I can. Am I overthinking this? I know I need to just trust that they will act like adults and be professional about it but it’s still in the back of my head.
----
Post ID: 4170
Having doubts about the now job I’m getting
Hello Redditors!

So today I got a phone call from a man with whom I got an interview two weeks ago, it’s a nice company, he seems to be a pretty cool guy, and he understood that I was young (26) and that I would need some training, but that he wanted someone who get into it not too slow either.
So he proposed to me to have a training for some time and then he’ll keep me to work in the company.

He told me that he was hiring me with trainings at start so I could learn a little more.

Ill have a new position that I never had, new responsabilités that I never had too, and it scares me a little.

I know that he is the boss from we’re I’m going to work, and that he didn’t hired me for no reasons, but I’m a little anxious about it…


How can I reduce my anxiety? Does anyone have any tips or strategies that have worked for them?
----
Post ID: 4183
Question on brief video introductions req. with cover letter
Hi everyone,

Candidate location: USA based
Job location: Midwest, USA

A job posting requires a link to a brief video recording be included on the submitted cover letter (essentially a pre-screening it looks like).

I am wondering if it’s considered improper candidate etiquette to record just my voice and not my face for this request? 

I’m worried about potential discrimination based on sex or race. Am I wrong to not want to record my face, but just my voice to submit? Or is it technically better etiquette to record my face and voice for this pre-screening?

Thanks for any input or advice.
____

Hi Mods; I wasn’t sure which flair to choose between “Resume/CV” or “Applications” for this question, so I selected what I thought fit best…
----
Post ID: 4195
For those who are unemployed, have you been feeling scared or nervous about going back to work especially after being fired?
I have been unemployed since March and I found some jobs that I have applied for. I am also glad that I have been taken time away from working due to being fired from my second job because a supervisor of mine assumed that I did not clean the bathrooms nor stock up paper towels, but I know I did. At times, I feel scared, nervous, and worried about going back to work in the future because I am afraid that I would end up getting fired again, even if I did nothing wrong, especially when having a job you don't like and having a boss that can do you dirty. It sucks that everyone can't have a job where they can be their own boss, that would be great. Has anyone been feeling the same way that I have been feeling, or maybe someone you know?
----
Post ID: 4206
Boredom at work causing depression and burnout 
I'm almost 22 and I can't keep a job for longer than a couple of months due to boredom which causes me to feel depressed and demotivated.

I know I should be grateful and thankful for having a job in the first place and constant job hopping is horrible but I just can't do it.

I start a new job, the first couple of weeks are good and then I start feeling demotivated, bored and depressed. 

I'm already on my 4th job in 2024 and Im struggling both mentally and financially.

I just need some help on getting my shit together and getting a grip on reality.
----
Post ID: 4209
Progressing into a supervisor (retail) role soon! Please share advice & tips on how to do well
[F24] After working in (UK) high street footware and textiles stores for 8 years as a Customer Advisor/Assistant, I've finally moved up and landed a full time role as a Supervisor. 

I'm confident in my role as CA. Always achieving and improving my targets, getting along with colleagues and management etc. I'm used to having important responsibilities. I've been acting duty manager at times but just was never awarded the title! I enjoy being a leader hence why I wanted to progress.

However, now I'm approaching my start date, I'm overthinking about my new job, what to expect, what to do differently...

So I ask you, the good people of r/jobs, to please share your advise and give any tips in regards to; progressing from SA into management, management in general, how to remember colleagues names, how to encourage your team and all the rest of it!

Many thanks in advance!
----
Post ID: 4218
My manager said I wasted his time
Incident  
So this particular incident happened over a Webex call. Where I was struggling with a piece of code. I asked my manager for help because I was not able to figure it out after spending a day on it. I asked him if had the time and he said yes. He tried for 10min and it dint work for him. And then he asked me if I set the environment variables correctly. I which I said no to which he replied you wasted my time. It's been 2 years since you joined you should know this.

Employee perspective (My perspective)  
I agree I made a very rookie mistake. I would literally remember this forever. I got very hurt when he said I wasted his time. He made me feel,I am good enough employee, I put a lot of effort in my work but his words really hurt me and demotivated me.I dont feel like working anymore I get really anxious and my heart starts beating really fast when he is around. I fear that I will make a mistake again.

This is my first job as a fresh graduate. I have never worked in a professional environment before.  
Is this normal for manager to say that I wasted his time. Please help this over thinker out !
----
Post ID: 4220
Is it a bad idea to interview for a new job with a terminally ill parent?
Hi girlies I’m looking for some advice about work. 

My mum has a brain disease which could kill her in the next year. I’ve been in my current job for 3 years and although it’s dead-end it’s very comfortable and easy. They’ve been very easy going with when I need time off for appointments and allowed me to drop my hours. 

Out of boredom I applied for a new role and after a first interview I’ve been invited to a second interview on Tuesday where I’ll be expected to do a presentation/other activities. I told the manager about my mum and he said they can accommodate part time and asked how long for, obviously I don’t know. 
As Tuesday draws closer I’m starting to feel sick with anxiety. I don’t know if it’s right for me to make a jump in a job while I have so much stress in my personal life. In my first interview they mentioned they’re reopening the position again in February. My partner wants me to do the interview but ‘not take the job if I don’t think I’ll cope’ but I honestly don’t know what to do and the stress of it all is making me a bit ill. It’s a role I’m genuinely very interested in so scared to burn bridges.
----
Post ID: 4223
I have an interview in an hour is my outfit too casual?
I have an interview for a wedding and event manager in about an hour but having an outfit crisis. 

I fear the leopard print skirt is too casual. 
----
Post ID: 4234
Has anyone had a job contact their current employer? 
So I am a social worker. I had an interview for a job that pays 85k. This is amazing because I currently make 45k. It’s a government job that also has better benefits than my current job. The issue is, I got the call saying it is time to call references. They said they are required to call my current employer. They said they would give me time to give them the okay after I tell my employer to expect a call. This is really stressing me out…I didn’t even think they were allowed to do this anymore. 
----
Post ID: 4245
Help!! Panicking over accepting lower paying job offer, and here comes DOGE!
Rescind my acceptance of lower paying but closer job due to DOGE?

Oh I’ve got myself into quite a pickle. I am a generally risk averse person who works in a public utility. Great pay (130), 5 weeks vacation, health insurance, pension, etc. Been there 7 years, first several were great and I worked closely with my insecure but charismatic boss, but started to burn out and get bored of doing the same things (I’m ADD). Boss started giving attention to other employees and sort of ignoring me, not overtly but suffice to say he doesn’t really value what I do. I brought in an earmark in the millions, more than we ever got, and got a shrug and denied my request for promotion to director. I sort of quiet quit after that.

Meanwhile my terrific husband last year started his own business, brought in 365k land already on track to bring in 315 this year. My commute is 45 minutes so I felt like it was safe to accept an offer for a lower paying local government planner job in the next town over (very blue state), 40k less, 1 less week vacation, to be closer to my 2 young kids in school nearby and “step back” but provide health insurance. We live in lowish COL area of MA. Boss there is kind and my sister knows him to be a good guy. He said this job should be secure, but who knows.

Enter DOGE over the last week and I’m terrified at how fast things are deteriorating. My husband is brilliant but his business is automated housing studies that relies on various gov funds. My utility job is probably safer since it’s funded thru local rates, but I’ve already verbally told my somewhat vindictive boss I’m leaving (he didn’t really try hard to get me to stay)and accepted the new offer. I’ve seen him deny people’s requests to get their jobs back before. What should I do??

Tl;dr:  Should I move forward with the local government job that pays much less or beg my kind of jerk boss to keep my current safe job after all?
----
Post ID: 4250
Should I accept?
I read a review on a job that people are nice but managment is bad, but the job offer is for assistant manager so would that be worse for me
----
Post ID: 4259
Does the unemployment depression ever go away?
I'm lost. My confidence is gone. I'm completely defeated. I've no where to turn to. No one that can help. I want to feel happy again. But I don't have the energy to pick myself up anymore. This unemployment stretch is never ending. I don't have the energy to pretend I'm happy anymore. Therapy doesn't help anymore. Antidepressants don't help anymore.
----
Post ID: 4286
How to feel less incompetent at work?
I (f22) feel completely incompetent at my job. I have been in my current role as an inspector/field designer for a year and a half. The training period is designed to be two years but is actually rushed out at 6 months. My coworkers often get frustrated with me asking questions and needing help with the work. As a side note, the entire department over all of office locations is severely understaffed. I also transferred to my current office about 5 months into my role as this office is closer to home. My job duties are pretty extensive (inspections for about 9 towns, residential design for those towns, all lighting jobs and coordinating repairs, getting corrective work to another department, keeping on top of customer contacts, and many other smaller tasks). Everyone is struggling to keep up with work load and I have a larger workload than my coworkers who strictly handle commercial design. Luckily I do have coworkers in other offices that can occasionally help me out/teach me. My design work is usually 4 months out as I try to allow myself time to ask questions, try to keep up with the rest of my workload, and do this correctly. I have tried every organizational trick and I am always feeling unorganized and lost. Between the workload, lack of training, and coworkers that are overwhelmed, I feel completely incompetent in my role. Is there any advice you have to help me shake these feelings or should I look for another role/job? 

Apologies for formatting as I am on mobile. 
----
Post ID: 4306
Did I Write An Inappropriate Thank You Letter?
Today I had an interview, and I thought it went well. The interviewer and I connected over a shared interest of an author. 

At the end of the interview, I sent them a thank you note, simply stating, "Dear Interviewer, it great meeting you, x, y, and z. I appreciate the opportunity to interview, and I hope we have a chance to chat about "author" in the future. Thanks and have a great day. 

I didn't think anything of it, until I realized that my comment about chatting about the author in the future could be interpreted  as me asking them out or implying something similar. My intention was to frame it as "I hope to get hired, so then we would get a chance to talk about "author." 

Did I make a mistake? If so, would I be disqualified from the job for it?

Thanks for your time.
----
Post ID: 4307
Job stressfulness
Currently working my 1st job as a walmart overnight stocker and my 1st day left me in shambles. I knew it was not going to be easy but it took everything within me not to a panic attack. Getting constantly reminded that the reason their numbers were down because of the new people didn't help either. I've never hated anything more in my life but if i don't pull through i'm gonna dissapoint my entire famliy because they were so excited for me, and im pretty sure ill be working on my own on my 2nd day and im so scared my stomach wont stop turning. Just thinking about doing it by myself makes my stomach turn because i dont wanna be a dissapointment to the managers. My depression is really hitting its limits. I really wanna quit ngl. I really need some advice here
----
Post ID: 4310
Is a layoff more likely or can I be fired for non performance?
I would like to understand which of the scenarios is more likely to happen.

The story here is I have been employed with the company (a regional US bank if that matters) since Sept 2018. I did well in the department I was hired in, department A, and I also got two above average ratings and the company also enrolled me into a internal leadership community comprised of emerging leaders. My department had tried to assess if there was a way to promote me, but it so happened that the best chances were outside. I was eventually referred by another colleague to a department B where I initially worked for 3 months. During those 3 months, my role consisted of reporting and strategizing. My manager unexpectedly left though, and a reshuffle was done in which I was not chosen to continue in department B and instead moved to department C. I initially continued the reporting aspect of my role, albeit I lost the strategy aspect. Fast forward another 5 months, department C has not given me any projects specific to their work and instead my manager says it's upto me to keep up the reporting work and liaison with department B to keep doing reporting as they need as he sees them as my primary client. Department B and C are as unrelated as they can be, as in the only management in common is the CEO.

Given my new department isn't giving work, can they claim at the end of the year if I didn't get any new work from my old department that I didn't perform my duties? And does my previous stellar performance have any moderating effect on it? Or, if I don't get any new work, is layoff the most likely scenario?
----
Post ID: 4311
Should I tell my bosses I'm looking for a different job?
I am wondering if I should tell my bosses I am looking for a different job as opposed to giving them a 2 week notice when I do find one. I have been working at a small cleaning company for 2 years, and I am one of their most reliable employees-which piled a bunch of work on me.  I am officially: one of the two lead cleaners, equipment manager, employee trainer and HR all for $15 an hour and ZERO benefits. Not even something small like an employee discount or what not-besides my pay I would get an extra $200 every Christmas. My bosses say I am one of their best workers constantly but then do or say certain things that make me feel like garbage or stupid, and they are extremely disorganized and don't deal well with the clients either. They treat my coworkers poorly as well. Some bad things happened recently (along with 3 people quitting in the last 2 weeks, and another 1 just told me he's planning to do the same as soon as he finds a new job) and now I've been looking for a different job. 

I am debating if I should tell them I am looking for a few reasons, one being is one of the people who quit said they begged and harassed her to stay an extra month after giving them their 2 weeks and then told her if anyone called them for a reference, they wouldn't recommend her. They are also very understaffed and if I quit someone else would be loaded with all the work I do.

The main reason is unfortunately my two bosses are ex friends from college. I used to be on good terms for years with them until I began working there and I saw a whole new side of them. They do think really highly of me as a worker in their own bizarre way and if the company was in a better place I think 2 weeks would be fine-but I'm worried that since it's not in such great shape they may possibly badmouth me if I give them a 2 week notice and I wouldn't be able to use them as a reference. Thanks for any advice !
----
Post ID: 4384
SO SCARED I’m going to have job offer rescinded after HUGE mistake
I am a SAHM I haven’t worked for 3 years. I just started applying for jobs and just got a job offer pending background check. I filled out the background check and just used the dates from my resume. I was trying to get it done quickly as I’m excited about the new job. I was looking over my resume after I had already submitted the background check and realized I put the wrong year for my end date at my last job. I put 2020 instead of 2019. So my resume and now background check are incorrect. I sent an email to the company I’m trying to work for saying that I made an error on my resume and background check as a result. I apologized and offered to pay for a new background check with corrected dates. It changes my work experience in that job from 1 1/2 years to just six months. I’m very worried that I will have the offer rescinded now. It’s an an entry level position. What are the chances that they value my honesty and look past this?

EDIT: more details in comments to help fully judge situation

Edit 2: one comment is me explaining to all of you lovely redditors the exact events that lead to my massive bumble and a totally different comment is the email that I sent the company.

UPDATE: I just got an email from the company just asking for a copy of my W-2 with previous employer. to verify employment. I just sent it over. I think I’m in the clear!
----
Post ID: 4391
Going on my first work conference with a colleague need advice.
So my colleague asked if I want to split a hotel room because if we split the costs it will be less expensive and the company will be more likely to approve the request. The only thing is she identifies as queer and open about it. I am a bi-sexual female who no one at work knows that I am. Should I disclose this information to her before agreeing to sharing a hotel room? We are both in happy relationships with male partners.  And we are best work friends. I don’t want to make things awkward between us if I disclose that. And she only agrees to stay in the same hotel to not hurt my feelings. This is my first work conference with a colleague and I want it to go well.
----
Post ID: 4434
Applied to jobs nonstop the last two weeks and haven’t heard anything… the fear is setting in…

I’ve been applying to basic call center customer service jobs for the last 2 weeks but I haven’t heard anything back yet… is this normal? I’m getting laid off in October and I know the hiring process can take a while so I wanted to get a head start but I haven’t had to apply to a job in years so I don’t know how much has changed. I live alone and have no family so I only have myself to rely on and I can’t afford to have a lapse in employment. I see people who have been applying for over 5 months not hearing back and I wouldn’t be able to survive that long… it’s just me, roommates are a no go since I’ve had one too many bad experiences. I’m just really scared… I don’t want to be homeless again… I worked so hard to be better…
----
Post ID: 4447
Is it possible to get another job when you were fired?
So I wasn't fired but im honestly feeling like its very possible with what Ive been doing. Yes you can say whatever you want under here cause I definitely deserve it. So i work at a call center and I was given admin privileges but .. I abused them. I would block certain numbers like if someone called more than three times in one day or if it was a difficult customer i didnt want to get routed to me. Well I made the mistake today of blocking numbers that started with a specific number. And in this company, our higher up team makes a lot of outbound calls and the blocked numbers affect everyone. Welp I went to lunch and then came back and my admin privileges were gone all of a sudden.  And numbers that I previously blocked started calling. Now there was someone else with admin privileges but they arent working.  I checked and saw their admin privilege was revoked too but I am the ONLY one with admin privileges that works today and thats pretty much all the proof needed.So its very sus. And im paranoid that they are gonna say something tomorrow cause thats when everyone is actually there. 
So now im getting prepared just in case. Theres also a possibility that ill be fine but idk. They need solid proof thag I was the one blocking numbers but thats proof enough. Ive been wanting to leave this job but because i found an easy way out, im still here and havent been applying for jobs like I should.
Well now I need to start. When applying for jobs, you cant get hired if you were fired im assuming? They can find out if you were fired for a certain reason right? Especially if you wont have any references from that previous job thats pretty suspicious?
----
Post ID: 4458
Spelled Interviewers name wrong in email!!
I sent a thank you email to my interviewers and spelled one of their names wrong. I’m so embarrassed and don’t know what to do. Should I leave it alone or maybe reply with an apology?
----
Post ID: 4464
Got Offered a Job that might be a Scam?
I have never done data entry before and made sure to spell that out during the hiring process of the job I am interested in. I'm communicating with their HR Assistant via email and it looks legitimate and I was even given a website to look through?

They then gave me an assessment that I was sure I had bombed but I received an email this morning saying that I had been accepted and now they're asking me to buy a subscription to a blockchain app???

I am just scared of being scammed, I want a work at home job because I'm disabled and transportation is limited for me, it would just be easier to stay at home. But there's so many scams on Linkedin and Indeed, I'm worried! Please help? Are these guys legit? I've seen evidence that they closed back in 2020, are they reopening? They don't have a phone number I can call..
----
Post ID: 4468
Tough day at new job
In a nutshell, I started a new job and had a great few days and was praised for my performance until I received a challenging assignment with zero instruction-an assignment that required turnover and instruction as it pertained to assisting a sped student 

I fell apart inside but maintained composure until the end of the day because I didn’t know how to help the student given no information on student needs (I did ask questions throughout the day and received very little info)

I’m struggling to decide if I need to up and leave or stick it out and give it some time

I don’t want to give up and I know some days are more challenging than others but this one had me rethinking all of it

I feel ashamed that I didn’t perform my best, none of this was brought up by my boss

I called a meeting to discuss not having a proper rundown of tasks for the assignment because I had a challenging time with it and they mentioned that “if I feel I’m not a good fit, that’s okay” but were willing to discuss it

Sounds more like I displayed a weakness and they want me gone

Advice is helpful, I’m feeling crappy so please be kind if you can
----
Post ID: 4473
Disliked by male colleague
Hey everyone, I'm feeling pretty low and I'm looking for advice. I (22F) started work about a year ago and everything had been going well. It's my first corporate job out of college and I was super excited. The office is pretty big, with around 70-90 employees in my department. I get on well with most people, formed good relationships with others, except one. This male manager (mid-late 50s) was amusing and pretty approachable. 

Several months ago, a member of my team was yelled at by him, he later was made to apologise and seemed remorseful (from their description). A few weeks after this, my team-member noticed this manager had removed myself and her from his social media circles but had not removed anyone else from the office. I was dumbfounded - granted I will not be adding any other colleagues, especially not senior management. Since, he has gone completely cold toward me. Instead of smiling, he glares at me. He refuses to speak to me unless he absolutely has to and it feels extremely awkward/uncomfortable.

I am a happy person, I try to bring some joy to the office. I appear to be well-liked and I am extremely close with my team. I am not in management but I am about to be promoted and I will have to work closer with him. Speaking to him makes me anxious as I am unsure what I did? He is not particularly liked across the office but his team like him and he is cordial/friendly to everyone else. He has lots of stories and jokes to tell, I enjoyed this when things were fine. However, I'm finding it increasingly more difficult to not get upset or feel hurt.

Any advice? 

----
Post ID: 4478
I GOT SCAMMED BIG TIME
So I'm 99% sure I got scammed, and I feel completely stupid. Everything seemed legit at first. It was a startup company in London, remote position. The website had so much info it seemed real, they emailed me from an email linking to the website, spoke to someone on the phone. All the works. 

I got the position the other day and had sent them my W-4 and my direct deposit form. Was told to message the girl who would be training me on Whatsapp since she's british or whatever. My job would have been to do research on certain BTC Wallet apps and websites that they were looking to partner with on the app. And after I learned all of them I would consult others. Our convo went okay at first, then it all went DOWNHILL. She had told me that she was going to send me up to $2k to put into wallets & trade. I stopped her right there and told her I didn't feel comfortable receiving that much without talking to her 1st or getting some type of paperwork. She ignored my message. 

After that I did some deep dive and couldn't find anything on them besides stuff they posted themselves all the way back in 2019. The website's phone number is disconnected. They have my bank acc info and my SSN. What do i do? Ive never had this happen before 


TLDR: job scammers now have my SSN and bank acc info, terrified and unsure of what to do.
----
Post ID: 4483
Am I being scammed?
I finally got my degree and want to move to a professional setting from food service for the experience and just life stuff. I've been applying to some remote jobs, which I've never done before, and got a response for an administrative assistant position from a small business flooring company. I can't tell if this is somehow a scam or if I just somehow found a pot of gold. The compensation wasn't mentioned in the listing, I was just applying to any position I thought I could qualify for and then planning to negotiate, but in the 2nd email I received from the hiring manager he said it was $48 an hour.....that was my first red flag because this is supposed to be an entry-level essentially secretary position and my resume clearly shows I have no experience outside of my food service job $28 would've made me say holy shit but $48 doesn't sound right. In that same email, he asked me to answer 3 basic questions that I assumed he would use to determine if we would move forward with a formal interview. He asked me to tell him about myself and my job history, why I think privacy and code of conduct are important in a professional setting, and what my greatest strength is. After answering those questions, the next email was that I was basically hired which I also thought was weird but the biggest possible red flag for me was that he said the company was going to send me a check that I'd need to cash so that I can buy a very specific model of Macbook and download a few different programs onto to use for the job. I've heard of companies providing equipment for remote employees but I've only heard of them being sent the actual computers, not a check to use to buy them. Then he went on to say that I'll have to do a 3-day zoom training and orientation but one of the software programs I'm supposed to download has to do with accounting and there is no understanding that I know anything about that. I immediately thought that this was some check cashing scam because it all is moving so fast, it doesn't make a lot of sense, and it seems too good to be true. I have researched the company and it seems legitimate, they have a whole website, social media accounts, and reviews that go back 4 or 5 years so I don't really know what's happening but if it's real I don't want to pass it up because holy shit. I haven't been on the job market in years and I've never tried to get a professional/office job before so I'm very naive when it comes to all of this.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
----
Post ID: 4503
New Job (Help!)
Recently I joined a new company, did small talk to a few people..but I’m having this feeling I don’t fit in. I see other male & female colleagues talking like they are best friends and it makes my confidence go down and I stay quiet. 

Have you been in this situation and how did you handle it?
----
Post ID: 4507
Scams & Scary Shit: Job Hunting 2024 as a Woman
I don't want this to become a huge essay, so I'm going to give a basic rundown:

✔️26F
✔️Bachelor's Degree with a Minor
✔️Call Center, Customer Service, & Project Management Background

I've been job hunting for about 2 weeks now. 

I've applied to mostly remote and hybrid positions, with the occasional in-person job if I think it could be tolerable. 

I got a phone call last night at around 8 p.m. from a guy who claimed to be called from some county office. The entire phone conversation only lasted a minute in a half, but it sure did leave an impression. 

"I'm calling about your resume for x position. Do you have a valid Driver's License and transportation?"

"Yes."

"Great. You will meet me at y address tomorrow at 7 p.m."

"Awesome! Are you able to email or text me the address?"

"No, we do not do that here. *(Proceeds to give me address so I can write it down)*"

*Click*

This conversation left me feeling weird... He sounded normal, but his approach made me really sketched out. 

I started looking around. 

First, I Gogfled the direct number he was calling from and it brought up the business on Google. Okay, that's a good sign. I look at the business hours and it says they close at 6 p.m. 

He's asking me to come in after they close... At 7 p.m., when it's pitch black dark outside, and his office is in the middle of a sketchy strip mall. 

I then look to find which website or app I used to apply. I found it and then followed that application and realized it was for a position as an Evening Scheduler... 

So now I'm really all kinds of sketched out. 

The business also doesn't have an official website anywhere, just a Facebook profile that I can't even verify if it's being run by the same guy. 

To break this all down:

✔️This man who owns this business called a random woman up at 8 p.m. to ask her to meet him at 7 p.m. the following night for an interview for an Evening Scheduler position, despite the fact the business hours say they close at 6 p.m. Additionally, when asked for verification of the address and information, he refused to provide me an email or phone number, and instead expected me to go to this address he gave me over the phone. And finally, when looking on Google, the business has absolutely no website or even a description of their business. Checking Google Maps led me to the sketchy strip mall that still didn't show his business anywhere around it. 

I'm only 26. If I had been just 3 years younger, I would have gone to this interview and God knows what could have happened. 

Even if nothing ended up happening, the fact that people are running businesses this way, expecting people to feel safe with a random man calling them up without giving any kind of email, phone #, contact information... Like... Absolutely crazy..

I also want to touch on the real fact that young women will need to be extra cautious applying to jobs today. They do not teach this shit in schools for our kids, man. There are 20 year olds who wouldn't know better, who wouldn't think anything of it. 

I also got scammed about 3 years ago into giving my social security number & consent to background checks for a company that didn't exist. 

This shit is awful, and the fact that this is "normal" and just "part of life" is absolutely NOT acceptable. 
----
Post ID: 4524
Taking medical leave for mental health reasons
Brief background: I’m currently a staff product designer (IC4) in FinTech. I believe I was mis-leveled, and should’ve been hired at IC3. I thought I could learn as I went along, but that had proven to be tragically wrong. I’m in a bad way. Feedback from my manager triggers panic attacks and deep, overwhelming anxieties and spiraling depression. It’s affecting my life outside of work, as I can’t stop ruminating about how I will be fired for incompetence, and then will be indigent and unable to support my family (3 kids), because I am so clearly unemployable. 

Anyway, to hear anyone else’s experience working through similar issues would benefit me greatly, especially if anyone has taken a (paid) medical leave for mental health reasons, and used that time to get another job.
----
Post ID: 4541
Guys  do you think my Life is ruined? 
I changed my career at 27, now I'm 33, I'm a computer science engineer and I even did a master's degree. Everything is ok so far, but I'm already 33 years old and I don't have any work experience. Do you think my life is ruined? please be honest I don't know what to do, no one wants to hire me
----
Post ID: 4546
Job interview help
I'm currently in the process of going for a job and have made it to the 4th stage. I've passed all the role plays, verbal and written exams, and both formal interviews which they said I passed with flying colors. They've now asked for references, but I haven't heard anything back yet.

I've come this far, and I'm really hoping it works out not just for me, but for my wife and kids. If anyone has any thoughts or insight on what this might mean or what I should expect next, I’d really appreciate it. Thanks in advance.
----
Post ID: 4561
I’m looking for a future Job
So I’m Going into my senior year of high school, and thinking about the future absolutely stresses me out thinking about jobs. I’m 18, and my parents want me to go to college and I have no problem going. But I have no Idea what I want to Do. I have some learning disabilities, and especially struggle with math. So I feel like lots of my interest are cut off by my learning disabilities. Anyone know what I could look into?
----
Post ID: 4565
I don't feel good enough to do my job
Hi everyone
After a few years working for the same company (and a short time working for another one) a month ago started working with a top company within my industry. 
However, the tasks that I'm required are quite new for me, now i am alone managing a one person department while the person who was supposed to teach me left after just a week and she won't be back till June. My boss expects me to do things that i don't know. 
In addition, the conditions are really good, salary...etc but i see myself here for the long term (small village, far from home...)
So my thoughts at the moment are: 
1- leave this position within the next month. Which could be digging my own grave in my career
2- try to hold and see what happens through the next months
----
Post ID: 4571
7 years of experience in my field, will officially become homeless in 3 months 

A friend of mine was kind enough to let me stay with them when I lost my job a year ago. I have been applying to jobs ever since, tailoring my resume to almost every job, networking/ reaching out to people. I have applied to over 800 jobs easily. 

I couldn’t do Uber as I left my car in my old state, and my friend has a daughter that has different classes throughout the day. They told me that they will be leaving the country in 3 months for good to go back to their native country (they have been contemplating it for a while). 


I have had nightmares and sleepless nights the past few months because of my unemployment . I haven’t had a break. I exercise, eat healthy, journal but when your own sense of safety is threatened, none of the things I mentioned matter. I am crying silently in my room because I don’t want them to hear me. 

The past years for me have been about going through one struggle after the other and I just can’t take it anymore. I keep struggling to stay afloat and don’t know where am I going wrong? I try, and try, and never stop trying. I know people who were in similar shoes to me but they finally managed to find a job that they liked, that clicked with them and now they are doing great but I am here, struggling to survive. 


Is this karma? I’m no saint but definitely not a bad person either. I don’t know what I did in a past life to deserve this, I want this suffering to end. 

My family and friends praise my experience and the type of person I am but I am here, struggling and will be homeless and it just doesn’t matter. 






----
Post ID: 4573
New Hire Project
I just started a new job last week. I’ve already been put as the lead on a few projects this week. There’s a certain one that I am utterly confused about and it’s giving me anxiety. When I shared my presentation with my boss earlier, the feedback was terrible. I have to revise and then present to a larger team next week but I honestly have no idea what I’m doing. Is it a bad look to message my boss and express my concerns since it’s only my second week of work? I honestly don’t feel comfortable presenting next week.
----
Post ID: 4637
Accepted for a first job I don't think I'm qualified nor experienced enough for
I'm a recent university graduate, having graduated in July and having never had a job before then. After a very long and stressful few months of job hunting (just trying to find literally any entry-level job or otherwise that'd say yes) I've received an offer. The job is supervising a cleaning team in a corporate office building. My job is to 1. Clean, and 2. Instruct the rest of the team on what to do, what needs done, making sure they're working efficiently, etc.

Thing is, I have zero experience as a cleaner or as a supervisor. I didn't lie on my CV or anything, there's nothing on it that would suggest to the hiring people that I have had experience in it. I just came in for an interview about being part of their cleaning staff, thinking I was going to get the basic grunt-work job, and they asked if I'd be interested in supervising the team and I said yes (wasn't about to say no to the first offer I've received after 6 months and over 300 applications).

Now I'm aware that it's probably not going to be particularly difficult, cleaning & managing a half dozen min-wage employees isn't exactly rocket science, but I feel like I've maybe jumped into the deep end here with this as a first job. They're going to give me some amount of training, but I feel there's only so much I can learn from that without having literally any experience in this sort of thing. Basically, I just don't want to fuck it up and make an ass of myself. I'm worried that maybe they're assuming I have experience when I don't (in the interview the guy literally didn't ask me a single question, they just talked at me for 45 minutes straight and said they'd send me an acceptance letter the next week). I don't know how I'm meant to stand in front of a bunch of experienced workers and instruct them on how to do their job.

Anyone have any advice?
----
Post ID: 4645
I’m gonna have to extend my sick leave another week due to laryngitis. Will the company look down on me? Will they think badly of me as an employee?
I’ve had laryngitis for almost a week and 0 improvement even with vocal rest. I’m basically forced to extent my sick leave but I’m scared my company will look down at it


Complete vocal rest. 0 talking. Gargling warm salt water. Eating laryngitis friendly foods (like ramen and oatmeal with no milk), 0 diary, gargling warm salt water 1-2 times a day and drinking lemon and honey tea every single day. And STILL nothing


And sadly, my job is VERY vocal and is probably how I even got this. You have to be almost yelling and raising your voice constantly because the equipment and headsets don’t work. And you rely on them to do your job. 

I don’t know what to do at this point. I made my sick leave for one week. I’m scared to extend it another week because what if they look down on me? I’m trying what I can but nothing is improving. I went to the doctor and they just asked if I’m drinking honey and lemons and I said yes. That’s basically it. And I got the sick leave from them

Now what? Do I just sit there and hope I get better, not knowing when? 

And also, I have a doctors appointment tomorrow. So I’m forced to speak. How badly will that set back my progress?

All in all, I just want direction. I don’t know what to do with this laryngitis thing and I don’t know what else I can do to fix it. I can’t get a humidifier either 
----
Post ID: 4652
I got harassed by a customer and am scared
I am working as a translator at different places and this workplace that I work at today is a rare occurence. I went in to get my key to the office and noticed a man following me into the elevator, luckily there were other people with me in there. He started to be very close to me and talk to me in arabic and asked me if I speak it to which I just shook my head. He then started asking me more personal questions, telling me he loves me and wanted to touch my necklace suddenly. Mind you, Ive never seen this person. This younger man then told me that what such a nice beautiful girl is doing here and got out at the same floor as me. I went into the office and to a different room to pick my work up and he kept following me asking me if I work here. He stayed infront of the office and luckily went away but when I went to the toilet saw him again. Im aware that he is a customer and will hopefully leave before my shift ends, but I am just scared. I am quite young and dont work at this place often so I dont know who I could even tell this about as this is a very serious business and dont know anyone here. Do I just dismiss it and should be careful when I leave the workplace so he doesnt follow me home?  


(Didnt know which flair to use, Im sorry if its not fitting!)
----
Post ID: 4672
Just had a panic attack. Don’t know what to do with my life. 
I’m 20 years old, and only started my first job last year at 19. I was a food runner, and quit 6 weeks in because the work environment was much too overstimulating for me, and the management lacked communication ( I’m autistic. ) 
I’m in multiple roles in the restaurant I work at now, but it’s only for 12/hr, and I *might* get a raise when my one year anniversary comes next month. Might. It depends on how I do on a shift review. It’s stressful, I hate it. It’s the work environment and the customers. I’m just sick of it. I’ve been applying anywhere I can with my customer service and fast-paced environment experience - hotels, grocery stores, clothing stores, call centers…I even tried to reach out to temp agency’s, and nothing has reached back out. Nothing. 
I finally got an interview as a server, which is my last hope. But, when I told my family, they immediately shut it down, telling me the pay is worse, I’m just going right back into the same environment, I need to find something different. They suggested college, and I’ve been thinking about that, but they were telling me to do something that will get me money, not something I’m passionate about ( which is in fine arts ). 
I tried talking to my aunt about it, and brought up a course I would be possibly interested in, because it’s not a fine arts passion, but something I could possibly make a career out of because its in STEM. Again, immediately shut down- she doubted it was in my skillset, told me she never heard me interested in such a thing, and I need to pursue something I’m actually passionate about and I just…
 I just broke down, I spiraled. I spiraled into thoughts of absolute hopelessness and self doubt, and I felt like I couldn’t breathe, like I was going to have a heart attack. I don’t know what I want to do with my life, but I don’t want to do this. I don’t want to be stuck in the restaurant business, I don’t want to do retail. The fact that I’m applying anywhere I can find, retail or not, and I’m either getting completely ghosted or rejected, it’s not helping. I feel stuck. I feel like I’m never going to improve in my career- I feel like I’m never going to get a college degree that will help me find a job that I both enjoy and will find a living on. 
----
Post ID: 4708
Got my first job in tech!!!
It’s for a fairly small startup that does web development for clients.

I’d be a FE dev, im just scared cause I’ve got two weeks to practice VueJS, I only know react so I know it’ll be a challenge.


But I wanted to ask, if stuff goes wrong I used to work at a call center. How hard would it be to find a call center job in todays market that pays around $15 / hr remote

Or how common is it to ask my employer to let me go back to them after quitting them? I plan on being professional and giving them 2 weeks so not burning any bridges.
----
Post ID: 4758
Missed a shift by accident and haven't been contacted. Am I likely to get in trouble?
(Wasn't sure how to tag)
Hi friends. For context, I've been working at a movie theater for almost a year and a half, and I am a minor. My managers have always been understanding but still have clear expectations they want from me. After reviewing my schedule, I realized that I missed a shift yesterday- I had just changed my availability and didn't expect it to be processed right away. Entirely my fault. I would've expected a call or a text, but so far I've heard nothing from any of my managers. Is this a good omen, or a sign I could be in trouble?
----
Post ID: 4772
I keep having a panic attack wanting to put my 2 weeks in
I work for a small co, doing their social media marketing and sales, but it’s just not for me, the atmosphere seems to be driven by anxiousness and it doesn’t help me in the long run. I have an anxiety disorder, but I don’t want to use that as an excuse. I just get nervous to even try to bring up my 2 weeks notice. I realize I’m putting their needs above mine by not being honest about wanting to quit. Even if it shouldn’t matter, I’m scared of the blowback, getting berated by my boss (it’s their personality). How do I even begin to word this, I know it is the right thing for me, why is this not sitting well with my heart?
----
Post ID: 4778
I have an 4:30h long Job Interview coming up 
Does anyone have **experience with job applications**, and can help me out? I am applying for a position in a **Logistics Company**, in which I would have to create **Supply Chain Solutions** for their customers. Additionally it is a **trainee** position

Hey guys! I just recently joined this subreddit, and wanted to get an advice from the Hivemind here.

I just finished University a few Months ago and applied for a few Jobs.

Now I got into an application process, in which i already have passed an online assessment center test, which took 1 hour, and asked me questions on logic, mathematics and text comprehension.

Additionally I already had an online interview with a recruiter from HR, which should have taken 45-60 min but took 1:30h (It was a great success). I talked with the recruiter about my life, Goals and two real life examples. In one of them I would hypothetically have a problem with one of my workers and in the other There would be a mistake, because of a Mistake I did, and I would need to tell my workers they have to work more.

Now I got into the last stretch of the process. I now have two upcoming online interviews, one of which will take 4:30h and the other one 1:30h. I also have to prepare a 10 min PowerPoint presentation of myself for one of these Interviews.

Now I am afraid of these Interviews, because I dont know what is expected of me. Will they give me tasks to see my skills with Excel? Will I have to explain ABC-Analysis to them? Will they give me real Life examples, to see how I would deal with them?

What skills should I learn, or improve in this short time?

Thanks a lot already in advance!
----
Post ID: 4780
Dealing with a layoff
Hey guys,

24 year-old from Canada here who just got laid off this morning. Everything was seemingly going fine until my manager rescheduled our 1x1 to this morning instead of the normal Tuesday… before she appeared on the screen with a manager from HR.

How do I deal with this? Kinda feels like the end of the world :(
----
Post ID: 4823
Job offer being rescinded
I just got a job offer but I’ve been interviewing at other companies. They want me to decide and sign the offer, giving me 3 days to think about it. But I’m scared that if I accept the offer, email all the other companies that I withdraw from the interview, they might rescind it for whatever reason before I start. I keep reading some post about people getting their offer rescinded and having to start over with job applications. And I’m worried it might happen to me. I’ll be starting the job on the 24th, if I do sign the offer, which is a lot of time. Idk what to do and don’t really want to risk anything bc I really want a job right now. How common does these things happen?
----
Post ID: 4873
They pushed me to report abuse and I'm scared
I work in a high skilled IT field, in a team of 15 middle aged men and I am a young woman. My boss has been screaming at me and verbally abusing me for years, mostly in private. I put up with it because I was just way too happy to have the opportunity to be an IT architect in my 20s. I never told anyone, not even my husband. The last time it was very bad. I broke down crying in my next meeting. Couldn't speak just cried. The woman I had a meeting with told me I should talk to the designated "person of trust". 

I didn't think, was too devastated to think. I told the person of trust everything. (Even the part when I told my boss about my miscarriage he said I should always think about the Company first and my personal problems second). So I told the "person of trust" I don't want to report my boss I just need a way to ask for a transfer to another team. Luckily, this conversation was 100% confidential.

But she said we have to report it. And she reported it to HR. They scheduled a call. I didn't tell them much just explained what happened and added it was not the first time. Even with the extremely diluted version I gave HR, they started calling me a victim of abuse.

They notified the VP immediately. They're saying he's taking it very seriously.

They're going to ask me to write a formal report tomorrow. I can't prove anything and to be frank, don't want to. I just want to be quietly transferred and not lose my income. My boss is a psycho obsessed with his reputation, I'm 100% sure he'd get me arrested for slander or libel (it's a criminal offense in Belgium).

And here's the thing. I can't risk going to jail now. I'm going through the marriage green card process and I can't risk being separated from my husband over something so petty. It's just not worth it.

Is there any way I can stop this? To save my boss's reputation? At this point I'm ready to resign tomorrow if there is no other way. I'm in Belgium if that matters.

Would it help if I made a formal report about my character being too weak or skin too thin? That I admit it's 100% me and my anxiety, my mental health etc I just can't cope with a boss with a dynamic personality due to my own shortcomings. Would that help reduce the risk of a defamation lawsuit?

Thank you for the answer :(
----
Post ID: 4876
I need this job so badly
Was laid off during a mass layoff last September.  Awesome job, six figure salary (that I worked hard for) and now a manager over two locations making $40k a year, 60+ hours a week.  It has impacted my relationship, my bills and my mental/physical health.  I have a panel interview with my old company of 13 years and I’m so nervous.  The job market has been brutal and I do desperately need this opportunity.  If any of you have it in you, can you just please think of me this morning?

----
Post ID: 4908
Economy make want die
I want die in this economy with no job I am useless
----
Post ID: 4916
People say I don't "match" my dream job
I am in middle school, and I have a job that I really admire. I have properly researched, and I am aiming for a small role, nothing that is too optimistic. I have researched the degrees and colleges, making sure I know the requirements. I have marked the exact, specific, direction that I would want to enter. The problem is? I don't match it. I have considered it nearly my whole life, but no one has called me anything that makes me think that I could become it. Until my closest friend started calling me, mentioning how I have the attributes of becoming the job, and no, I didn't even ask her or tell her about how much I want this job. She just went like "Wow, you should be a detective!" And that made me think... Is it possible? I am observant, I trust my guts and I immediately keep an eye on whoever is suspicious. I have been thinking to aim for being a missing persons detective... Now, problem is? Those aren't my best traits. My mother keeps pushing me to become an actress and shows all her friends videos. Before I was aiming to become an elementary teacher because I was to pessimistic to THINK about being a detective. Now, just because I'm creative and good at acting, doesn't mean I have to use that skill as a job. Sure, I may be in middle school, way too early, but I don't want to be stuck in a forced occupation just because I have a natural talent. It's kinda others faults that I wish I SUCK at acting, but that's not the case here. I look into my future and only see this talent controlling me like a puppet.

Opinions? Maybe I should give up being a missing persons detective, or is there still hope?
----
Post ID: 4918
Broke my leg. Zero in savings. What's my next move?
In California. I'm a couple weeks away from living in my car. What can I do?
----
Post ID: 4923
I feel like I'm getting fired
i'm not an experienced developer but I use recent tecnolegies in web .the websites I create are really performant. I also really like animations and our clients are happy for websites we create.my boss give me most of the websites to create and admin panels to other expereinced developers. I know my job hasn't any problem and I'm really confident. But people doesnt believe in me becuase I don't have very much experience. when I face bug everyone say the problem is the project even though a lot of time the problem was server. No one trusts me. they think I'm really grandiose never ask questions. I learned to search on Internet not ask other people and be independent. my boss is sad why I'm not asking other people question. When I told designers it's not possible to implement this design they don't believe what i'm saying even though I'm familiar with the project. they micro managing what I'm doing and they critisize me so much for the problems that I didnt cuase like a bug on the server that takes too much. I feel so much weak and stupid. My boss thinks I'm so much slow but they gave three projects and that made me slow that's true. They told me you are not head chapter to have technical opinions. why do you think you are very good. My boss is so much angry I don't gave reallistic deadlines  because  I'm afraid fron their judgements. I don't know what to do. I feel like i'm getting fired everyday
----
Post ID: 4982
Does Verbal Warning mean you're getting fired?
My power was shut off due to a mistake on my end. It turns out I wasn't paying electricity for 2 years and owe money. They weren't shutting off power due to COVID back in 2020 when I moved into the place. I had thought I was paying but wasn't. After arguing with the power people on the phone and finding out that I owed 30k worth of electricity, I had to call at 7 a.m. to get it turned back on. I couldn't sleep for some reason, and after tossing and turning in bed for 8 hours with no power and a dead phone I tried to get out of the house. I wasn't thinking and decided to just get work done and do some laundry at the laundry mat. So I got dressed and began to pack up my car. I was supposed to work remotely this day and my job started at 9 but it was about 3 or 4 a.m.

I brought my clothes out to the patio and locked the apartment door behind me. I then got my work laptop and iPad and put it in the car directly in front of my patio. I walked back to my patio and quickly got my clothes and detergent. As I was coming out to the patio I noticed 4 guys coming out in masks breaking into cars, and checking for unlocked doors. One of them had a bat and the other had a crowbar. I quickly dipped back into the patio unseen and watched them get into my car. I could not lock the door, because my key fob was broken and only locks manually. I just watched and hid in my patio as they took my belongings including my work laptop. I got back to the car and noticed all my stuff was cleaned out. I charged my phone and called the police. I was pretty confident I could get the stuff back because they had my iPad and were able to pull up the "Find My" app.

After calling the police, they investigated and caught up to the thieves and got everything returned along with everyone else's belongings that got stolen. I was afraid there might have been a sticker on the laptop taken off. I told my manager and he pulled me in an online meeting. He asked me for the full story, I tried to explain but then said he didn't want any details because it was too personal. The sticker was off because I had gotten my laptop fixed for maintenance and they had taken it off. My boss said nothing was breached or no data has been corrupted. He told me not to leave valuables in my car overnight. I tried to explain that I was packing my car up and it was right in front of me. I felt If I had gone out while they were doing the raiding, I could have been beaten. It is a good thing they didn't see me. I ended up getting a verbal warning and saying that I was lucky I got it back, and I could have been terminated if I didn't, due to negligence. Are they building a case to fire me? or is a Verbal Warning just nothing to worry about?
----
Post ID: 5009
I have been applying for almost 6 months now, but still haven't heard back. I am in desperate need of help/advice!
I graduated from Uni this summer and I've been looking for a career opportunity as a Graphic Designer. It's been really stressful, and my parents constantly pressure me to get a job. I have been applying non-stop and have been rejected 4-5 times now, and have yet to hear back from the other places I've applied. The stress has been getting me to the point that I haven't slept well for weeks now. My parents keep adding to the pressure by telling me I wasted 4 years of my education on something that doesn't seem to have a secure future. I feel so shitty and now I myself am doubting my own skills and qualification.   


I don't know what to do or where to seek help. I have changed my resume a couple of times, but I'm not quite sure what else to really do at this point. My portfolio consists of some of my campus projects and projects that I worked on as a Graphic  Intern for a year. I don't have a lot to put on my LinkedIn either other than the work experience and education I've received. Most of my classmates have already gotten jobs and are doing well off. I don't know anyone in this field other than my professor who helped me to get an internship. I feel like I've made a terrible choice..

I don't know what to do and the constant pressure from my family as well as the stress from not hearing back has taken a deep toll on my mental health.
----
Post ID: 5016
Am I overreacting?
This has been one of the worst weeks at my new job so far. I have received feedback to improve my communication to be more targeted, but it does not seem to be working the way I want - I get interrupted or corrected, which bothers me that I’m not doing a good job hence that happened. The nature of my new job is a projects role where I occasionally need to present to a broad stakeholder group, which I sometimes lack confidence when dealing with questions coming from a large group as compared to a small group setting. 

Today it took things even further where my boss intercepted me and wanted to cancel my meeting in front of my stakeholders because we were having a discussion to understand an issue but not everyone was there hence he didn’t want unproductive discussions - difficulties of scheduling meeting with multiple parties OOO in this ‘holiday season’. Honestly I think his approach could have been executed differently (softer) and at least be on my side, given we are the same team. 

Any tips for myself on how to better tell a story/present better and what would you have done if in my shoes?
----
Post ID: 5022
Feeling lost in my first job after college
I have a business admin major, never really  had a plan or goals while in college and landed a sales job in a generally lucrative industry upon graduation. The guy who hired me was moved to a different sector of the company within a year of my employment and the manager who replaced him didn’t really have a plan for me. Fast forward two years I’ve been moved around multiple low volume territories and my sales numbers have been pretty bad but the salary I make has been just enough to pay rent and bills for now, with student loans coming up again it will not be able to cover that. My manager maybe checks in with me once a month at most unless I reach out; I can sit at home for multiple days doing nothing and nobody would even notice. I enjoy the freedom of this job but I just feel neglected by management and I don’t feel much satisfaction and haven’t really had any help developing my sales skills. I have severe ADD and sitting inside an office all day sounds like hell on earth to me, it’s very hard for me to sit still and stay on track on tasks without taking medication (which I do not like doing and I avoid at all costs) and the thought of trying to find another job with my degree makes me feel reluctant to leave my current job. What I really want to know is what is a career path similar to outside sales to try and pivot into? Or if I were to stay here how would I go about bringing my concerns up? my manager will more likely than not just throw my poor sales numbers against me if I bring any complaints and threaten to track my mileage, CRM, Etc. another co-worker told me he asked for a raise and was told to “sell more”. All of the high volume territories in my area are taken by seasoned salesmen who are much older and have been doing this for 15+ years so there’s really nowhere for me to move into. On the flip side they are both in their 50’s and could retire in the next 5-10 years which would open territories up. Just feeling lost and wanted some input to see if it’s worth putting up with this. Thank you in advance.
----
Post ID: 5030
Lost my job for being out sick with covid and "pointing out" of our no fault attendance policy. Is there anything my FMLA paperwork can do?
Im lost and google is not being kind to me in the slightest. I have no idea what things Im entitled to or not. I have an FMLA form with my HR that excuses absences due ti my bipolar disorder, but everything Ive read online has pointed to FMLA protecting workers with covid as well? Is this something I have to access outside of my usual FMLA? Can I go to my HR about the reality of Bipolar disorder being a risk factor for greater illness with covid19? Ive done nothing but panic and freak out over this whole thing and Id just like some advice or clarity :(
----
Post ID: 5041
Laid off for the first time
I was laid off for the first time in my life in a company wide restructuring affecting 800 employees. For context i'm 25 and was one month away from my 3 year anniversary at my past company. This was my first corporate job out of college and I feel like i'm never going to recover. I'm extremely frustrated as my boss had me complete many projects that were needed for the restructuring the weeks before the lay off occurred. My boss acted like nothing was wrong and never gave any signals that I was a bad performers. In fact, the months before we had discussed a promotion at the end of the year. I ended up receiving an email from HR saying I was laid off one morning and was locked out of my computer. My boss never even sent an email or text addressing this, which has just pissed me off more. I get layoffs had to happen, but just sweeping it under the rug and not even acknowledging the 3 years I worked for you?

The whole situation has caused insomnia and anxiety for me. I've been applying to 20+ jobs daily since receiving the layoff and haven't gotten a single call/email back. I know I shouldn't expect something immediately with the current job market. That being said, it's been disheartening to see 800 applicants already to a job posted 2 days ago. I know the timing couldn't be worse since corporate recruiting slows down in November/December for the holidays. I'm single and don't have any dependents. I have enough savings to last approximately 3 months. What would you do after a lay off? Would you get any job to get a job? Wait until the right one that is on par with my last job? I'm confused on what I should do next and feel like I can never trust a boss again...any advice/wisdom would also be appreciated 
----
Post ID: 5053
How to deal with a horrible boss?
So, I need some advice dealing with a bad boss. 

I’ve been trying to quit my job for months after years of working there and I finally did but now my boss is acting worse than before. For the record, im a horrible people pleaser and I’m trying to break that habit. I work mainly remote now, I was full time in the office while I was pregnant. But I have a baby and no childcare due to very long waitlists. 

In 2023, I provided my boss with a 4 week notice after receiving a nasty email from him. When he realized I was serious about my notice, I was met with a long drawn out meeting that involved nothing but criticizing my personal life choices, manipulation, and gaslighting. I was told 4 weeks isn’t a long enough notice and I owe him more than that for everything he’s done for me. (He made basic accommodations for my pregnancy that he was required to do by law). After this meeting, I agreed to think on my decision & get back with them regarding my plan. 

We had a follow up meeting a week later that started out with “before we discuss Christmas bonuses, I need to know your plan”. To me, that wasn’t fair because I worked my butt off all year for that bonus, and now that I was trying to put my mental health first it was going to be taken away… so I agreed to stay for a while. 

Fast forward a couple weeks. I once again received a nasty email from him because It took me a couple hours to respond to an email from him. He was aware my baby had horrible bronchiolitis at the time. In the email he mentioned how my untimely responses were  breaking his trust and direct quote: “I’m starting to get unhappy, and you know me - I like to be happy.” 

So I responded to his email giving him an 8 week notice. It took him about 4 weeks to start looking at applications for my position & during this time I’ve been in the office a couple days a week and I planned to fully train my replacement. 

Well, life’s hitting me hard. I’m dealing with sick kids, stress, anxiety, and household issues. I’m having to meet tradesman daily to fix a serious issue I have going on with my house. 

And the last time I was in the office, I told him in a meeting with OTHER PEOPLE that I had to leave early to go deal with my house. This caused him to essentially explode and yell at me like an emotionally abusive father would yell at their child. I’ve NEVER stood up to him before in the years I’ve worked for him so this was the first time. This is what happened. 
1. he tried to tell me to have them come another day. I explained to him that wasn’t possible and if I push off the repair it can cause tens of thousands of dollars of damage to my home. I have a baby, and the issue needs to be fixed. So I need to leave at a certain time. 
2. He then tried to tell me my SO needed to go meet them because it’s always me that has to leave to go deal with things. (This is entirely false, and remember, I’ve already put in my notice). So I told him that it made more sense for me to go so my SO doesn’t get in trouble with his boss. 
3. He then states how he’s down to the wire to get my replacement squared away and trained (they’re not due to start for a couple more weeks. I then reminded him that I have provided an 8 week notice, and we’re 5 weeks into it and he didn’t do anything to find someone for weeks. 
4. He then argued that entirely, refusing to take accountability. 
5. After all the yelling he was doing, I stood up and said I won’t allow someone to speak to me this way in a professional setting and told him I would be quitting effective immediately. 
6. He then yelled “this isn’t fair to me!” while stating “after everything I’ve done for you” also stating he didn’t understand my argument. When I was simply rebutting his false statements. I wasn’t trying to argue, I just needed to go home.
7. He got up angrily from the table, walked away, came back, aggressively grabbed the back of a chair and said the fact I’d be willing to leave like this says a lot about me. 
8. Because of that aggressive reaction, I backed down and said I’d be willing to stay the duration of my 8 week notice if he didn’t speak to me this way. 
9. He then kicked me out of the meeting and never apologized. Just acted like nothing happened & the only thing he’s said to me since is “what’s your plan for training?”.

I came home and gave a run down of the conversation to my SO who told me not to go back and to let him train and handle my replacement, and I don’t want to go back! But I’m not sure how to handle it. 

Do I just not say anything and don’t return? Do I go into the office, drop my stuff off and tell him I’m done? I genuinely don’t feel comfortable being around him after that last encounter and I don’t even care about my last paycheck. 

What would you do?!
----
Post ID: 5063
No job fam yell daily basis
I have only 12 thousand i my account  which mom has . I cant control my spending impuslive. I am in therapy and deal with mental health issues.  I cant seem to keep. Job and my mom call me lazy etc. She yell at me on daily to get a job so i can move out. I do not have a car and idk if i can afford it. Im not okay. Im considering going to a group home or something to that .my mom will only let me live with her for one more year. She sick of being a mom and i am a burden to her. Sometimes it make me wanna leave the earth or runaway to a cheap country. my mom and therapist keep telling me to walk in places and not just used indeed. I cant even find a part time entry level job and my mon is kicking me out after this yr idk what to do anymore.
----
Post ID: 5066
I feel like it might just be normal, I found my jobs to be the worst for me around the 5-6 month mark
I guess I just realized , I’ve had this pattern about every job I’ve worked usually about 5-6 months in the job I find to be really unbearable. Usually the first few months start off pretty good and I’m learning things relatively fast, my managers or supervisors are usually pleased with my work starting in. 

    Usually around 5 months things just start to go downhill- I dread coming into to work and start contemplating about quitting ,anxiety is pretty high .I feel like I can’t keep up with expectations and The critiques on my work start to be more brutal since expectations are set higher and it just makes me think I’m not cut out for the job and that I just suck at it and should just find another job.I usually feel like my coworkers/managers aren’t liking me much anymore either.I assuming the transition from being a brand new worker to being somewhat still new but a little more experienced is rough, keeping up with expectations and the pace really. Usually a few months after that though I do get more confidence in my work and start performing up to proficiency again. Im sure the confidence is a pretty big factor too.  Although not too sure why this has been a common pattern in every job I’ve had
----
Post ID: 5071
Is it normal to ask an employee for a letter of recommendation?
I’m going to start searching for a new job soon and need a letter of rec from my director, but am worried to ask since it would heavily imply I’m looking to leave. Is there a better way to ask? Or is it not looked at like that?
----
Post ID: 5077
How to schedule interviews while working a full-time job and dealing with life issues?
I am currently in the interview process with my dream company and it happens to be fully remote (this isn't the reason why it's my dream company, but it plays an important factor). 

There are four interviews throughout the process and I've had about an interview once a week for the past two weeks. The third interview is a take-home assignment that I'll be turning in soon. I believe there is a third interview which is a brief walkthrough of my assignment and the final interview which is with leadership.

I've used a PTO day and a dentist appointment so far as my excuses to do these interviews and really want to save another PTO day for the final interview to secure the job. However, even though my manager hasn't said anything, I feel like I'm starting to take off way too much time and feel like he'll start questioning why. I have unlimited PTO, by the way.

In addition to the time off I've taken for the interview, I've been dealing with life/health issues the past two years, including COVID, heart problems from COVID, food poisoning and my grandmother is also dying (she had two near death scares the past few months, so it sucks but we are preparing for the worst case scenario and I would have to fly down to be with family for that). There have been maybe 3 mental health days sprinkled in there because my current job is burning me out.

It's funny because before I started this job, I NEVER took a sick day or PTO even when I was deathly ill. I think maybe the job burning me out is starting to affect my physical and mental health like where my immune system is compromised or something. I also don't expect my life/health issues to stop if I get this new dream job. It will just make things easier however because I'll be working remotely and won't have to worry about suffering through my sickness in an office and getting everyone else sick.

How do I continue to take off time for interviews with a full-time job and also for personal reasons while at my current job? I wish I could have just taken a week off work to complete the entire interview process, but unfortunately the company I'm interviewing with can't just do that. 
----
Post ID: 5086
8 months after grad, no job, no house (son of single mom living out of illegal accommodations). No safety net…
Background: 3 Years of experience with business systems analytics (from internships and jobs in college). Multiple occasions I’m holding 2 minimum wage jobs to support myself and my mom.

I wish I could say I come from a middle class family with even just a sprinkle of ‘in case i fail or lose a job, at least I still have my family to land on’ sort of lifestyle. 

Also no alimony or childcare because I came to America from Thailand and my biological dad dipped on me. International childcare doesn’t exist (which made it difficult for my mother to provide, especially because her English wasn’t that great and jobs will discriminate on that fact).

I have student loans, credit card debt, low credit score, broken foot (with arthritis, as per my doctor), and the feeling of inadequacy. Who knows how long I’ll be able to work physically demanding jobs anymore because my body is quite literally failing on me when I need it most at the age of 22. 

I’ve been looking for a white collar job relating to my career nonstop. I was part of a club that looked up to me for help with their resumes and job applications yet I’m the one who probably needs the office job the most.

This system doesn’t allow desperate people like me (who are willing to literally sleep in the office to get work done) get hired. 

When I get back home from work I usually just study calculus for Machine Learning as well as SQL and Python. 

TLDR:

I’m broke, no safety net, illegal living accommodations at age of 22. 3 years of work experience but no job after grad. Wanting some words of encouragement because it’s hard to find any in this world where I feel inadequate. Thank you.
----
Post ID: 5101
Background check came back as “associate” when I was a manager
Freaking out because my new job (accepted offer) did a background check through sterling and it came back as “consider” on my job title.

The background check lists my title as “associate” when I was the clinic manager. I was hired on as “marketing and business development coordinator” and was promoted to “clinic manager”.

My job duties were true and as clinic manager and I acted in that role. Am I in trouble here? How should I proceed? I had to already put my two weeks notice into my current job and they’ve already begun the process of filling the position. I’m guessing my past employer never updated whatever database this was tracked 
----
Post ID: 5112
How to survive a job that’s affecting your mental health? 
I’m sure a lot of people have been here at some stage.  I’ve really struggled since I was made redundant from a job I was in 12’ish years.  This is job 3, the other 2 weren’t a bed of roses either, I’m here 6 months.  

I can’t leave I’ve a family to support and high rent to pay. The company and coworkers are unsupportive and unfriendly, the only option is to change me.  

I’ve always suffered general anxiety disorder but I’ve kept that under control by running and clean living.  I’ve had trouble sleeping, my free time is spent worrying and dreading work, lost count of the amount of weekends wasted worrying over work.  I went to my GP who prescribed some sleeping pills and anti depressants however that’s not a road I want to go down, why should I have to drug myself to make a job bearable.  

So that’s where I’m at.  I’m not sure I even recognise myself any more.  I’ve gone from a happy go lucky carefree positive guy to someone with a permanent grumpy face.  Obviously I’m searching on indeed but as I’ve discovered for mental health you’d probably be better off unemployed on benefits than taking any old job out of desperation 
----
Post ID: 5114
How to deal with a manager that stresses me out too much?
They way that our office hierarchy is set up is that you have what we call a “business coach” that is there for your personal development, performance evaluations, etc, while the different client jobs you are assigned to have their own manager, so they are essentially your in-charge of that particular job. So this manager is not the one that I report to per se, just on certain jobs/tasks.

There has been a manager that I have been working with almost exclusively for the last 8 months or so who has a very direct and intense personality and it makes my anxiety skyrocket and my confidence plummet. He wants to review my work every step of the way, points out little things that are wrong but are not a big deal in the grand scheme of things, and just general demeanor towards me kind of makes me feel like an idiot. I went on short term disability back in April because my mother died kind of suddenly and it was debilitating to me, and came back a month and a half later to part time disability and I feel even less mentally equipped to work with this manager. I have always had anxiety problems, but they have been worse since my Mom died, and this managers personality and style is just not what I need right now. Because of this heightened anxiety, I am more prone to make mistakes on my work, spend too long on it, and don’t generally feel good about myself about it. It makes me dread dealing with him every time I go into work. How do I deal with this? Do I talk to my coach on what I need? HR? Something else? I have a lot of jobs with this manager and I feel like I can’t sustain it.
----
Post ID: 5117
I made a typo on a questionnaire and then a email to a company
So during the hiring stage the company I wanted to work at had a questionnaire we were supposed to do. I noticed I made a typo on the questionnaire and emailed them about it in case but then realize that in that email I ALSO made another typo.

Do you guys think this’ll affect my qualifications?
----
Post ID: 5119
I need days off within the first week of starting my job
I am just starting a new job at kwik trip this week & i forgot that i had told my boyfriends family i’d go on a mini vacation with them this Saturday-Sunday. They already booked everything that’s why i feel like i can’t miss it. I know it’s my first week but does it look bad if i ask off right away?
----
Post ID: 5122
What do I tell my dream employer?
So a little background I am on the track to become a retail buyer, always been passionate about the fashion industry. I graduated in May and while in school I got a visual merchandising internship and 3 months later I got a buying internship for a major retailer. Up until mid Aug I was working my buying internship Mon - Friday and my visual merchandising internship on the weekend (needed to support myself). My buying internship ended and I quit my merchandising internship (didn't pay me enough). While in the process of looking for buying jobs I recently got hired as a merchandising assistant. Now the assistant job gives me more experience and looks good on my resume. However my goal was to land a buying job by the end of the year. If I land an interview and get an offer to my dream job within the next three months how do I tell them I recently started a job as a merchandising assistant? Yes it gives me more experience and I have to support myself but I don't want my employer to think that I'm not a loyal employee and that Im just using jobs to get to another job (I kinda am lol). Would it look weird to an employer when I tell them I just got hired as a merchandising assistant? Do I add it to my resume? Or should I have waited to land a buying job?
----
Post ID: 5142
I have almost nothing to do at my new job
I recently got a new job a couple months ago.

I didn’t love my old job because it was a long commute, and I was only working about half the day (maybe less). I feel like I stepped into another role just like it. It pays more, but I work even less.

I’ve been here two months, and, on average, I have about 20 min - 4 hours of work a day.

I’m an admin assistant to three people and they reach out to me for scheduling, but not much else.

I’ve worked with the other admins in the company (it’s a big one) to do some training and I’ve updated some basic things (PowerPoints, spreadsheets, org charts) without being asked. I’m getting glowing reviews from my managers but I don’t do anything!

I’ve asked for more work. I always ask about any projects in my 1:1s with them, but usually they don’t have anything for me. One of them even told me this job has downtime, and I’ve seen my coworker reading at her desk. I will say we do have an odd busy day when an in-person meeting is happening and I’m picking up lunches/setting the rooms up.

I’m hybrid and only in twice a week, but I feel immensely guilty about not doing much. I also feel stuck because I don’t know enough to create work for myself to fill the day. I do personal projects at home, but that feels guilty too. I’m also worried that they’ll eliminate the position because it’s clearly not needed.

The company itself has great benefits and pay and there are rarely any layoffs.

Is this normal? Should I wait and see if the workload increases?

----
Post ID: 5155
Venting/ Reference question
Had an interview for a position I wanted in State Gov. It was all just one interview and they said Id know by the end of this week. Interview went well I felt and got a tour of the office after the interview. Feel like Im overthinking but one of my
references let me know they called however the other wasn’t and that got me thinking. Whats y’alls thoughts with not all the references being contacted? Guess Im just stressing right now haha
----
Post ID: 5173
Job was reposted
Crazy question but what if you applied for a job they only hiring one person they schedule you a interview but one day later they repost the same job your interviewing for but you haven’t even been interviewed yet do this mean your out the race already? Even before your interview
----
Post ID: 5175
How do you know you haven't healed from a toxic work situation / environment?
I left a toxic work situation about a year ago. Since then I have occupying myself with hedonic / leisure pursuits. Seeking pleasure and hobbies to distract myself from processing whatever it is that I experienced. Lately i have been contemplating going back to work (in tech). The job interview prep process is challenging but not that complicated. And for the life of me, I keep procrastinating on beginning the job search / interview prep process. Almost like there's a mental / emotional block - a part of me that is actively avoiding and protecting me from anything work related. 

I take this to be a sign that I haven't healed from the toxic situation. To be fair. I have never taken the time to sit with and process all the emotions and feelings associated with that experience.

I guess I am wondering if anyone can relate, and if anyone can share how they knew they hadn't healed or recovered from a toxic work situation.
----
Post ID: 5197
Has anyone ever bounced back from a time theft verbal warning?
I’m part of an engineering company as a technician. All of the techs in our group got pulled into a meeting with our immediate manager and he said he wants us to start clocking out for our lunches. We work from the building across from the cafeteria so we would walk to that building eat lunch, and then return. Our time card program automatically deducts from our paychecks and our rational was that we would combine the deduction with our 2 ten min breaks to have a little bit of a longer lunch. He was like “this isn’t a good perception and definitely could be considered time theft but right now I’m just level setting with you guys that this is the expectation going forward ”. He didn’t make the appearance that we were in any immediate trouble, just that it was not something we could do anymore. I’m shitting myself with anxiety right now and have not slept in probably 48 hours now. I enjoy working where I work and I’m terrified I’m going to get walked out despite his statement. Has anyone bounced back from something similar?
----
Post ID: 5206
How to not mess up at first work?
 **Especially waiter/ barman since I'm near sea and they always look for someone for restaurants etc during summer.**   
**I want to find some job this year, would be good after all but I constantly worry, what if I'll mess it up? I know the best way to learn is to just apply, manage to get the job and work my way throught it, but are there any adive for how to make sure you'll do your best at first job?**
----
Post ID: 5239
How do I prepare for a half-day-long interview?
So this job is for a chemist position. I'm graduating from university this semester and for this particular company I've had 2 phone interviews and have now been invited onsite and the interview is 3 hours long split into 30-minute interviews with different people. How do I prepare for this? Are they kind of like the same interview but with different people?

If anyone is in the chem industry, is this the standard for onsite interviews? And do they ask technical questions or something? I have no idea what to expect or how to prepare tbh. I'm so nervous and any advice would be GREATLY appreciated!!
----
Post ID: 5240
Does this interview sound like it went well?
I’ve been interviewing a lot lately (after months of none at all. Weird.) anyways I think I had my best interview so far. The only thing that’s throwing me off is the fact that they didn’t give me a timeline. 

The listing is only a two month contract over the summer and the wage js set so I didn’t expect them to ask me about a start date or my salary expectations. At the end they only asked me to give them 2 references and they didn’t really give me a timeline on when they would get back to me. That’s whats throwing me off. Although all the interviews I failed suggested a day to get back to me, which all ended up ghosting me anyway.

The only promising part of the interview was that they asked if i was open to another position, which is quite similar to the one I applied for, if not the same (its just a slightly different schedule.) 

I did my interview Tuesday and I haven’t heard anything back so far… the start date is June 6th.
----
Post ID: 5284
I don’t think I’m going to last long at my current job. I might get eventually fired. I’ve never been fired before - what is that like?
I’ve only been here for about a month and a half, but I don’t know how long I’m going to last. It’s a really good job, but I feel like I’m already falling behind. For some reason, if I don’t quit, I feel as if I’m going to get fired (worst case scenario). What is that like? How did you recover from it?
----
Post ID: 5291
Is requesting 2 days off a month in advance when starting a job a bad look?
I started my new job yesterday and during the initial rundown they gave us a packet that states when requesting time off you need to email the supervisors before you put in the request just to make sure those days are open. I forgot to mention/avoided asking off those 2 days a month from now during my interview because I felt it was unprofessional. I sent my email yesterday, and received one today that says "Coming in the door and asking for days off isn’t a good look." (I would like to point out that the email was very professional and context to the statement is about requesting time off during the interview. There was not hate in the email.) I emailed the person back and then saw them later and talked with them about it. I'm just curious what the phrase " Coming in the door and asking for days off isn’t a good look. " could mean in any circumstance. Thank you.
----
Post ID: 5296
New job only gave me a first day and start time, no end time for that first day either. What's the most professional way to ask my manager for my full first week schedule?

I start my new job on Monday. All I was told is "Come in Monday at 9 AM." No end time for that first day, no other days of the week mentioned, nothing else. *(Is this normal?)*


As far as I understand, this job requires employees to work all 5 weekdays, but because I wasn't given any additional shift info and I'm still new, I don't know how much of that applies to me yet. For all I know, the first week might end up being training on Monday - Wednesday that ends earlier than typical shift end times, Thursday-Friday off, and then the following Monday as the official start of my full time schedule. 


All that being said, what's the most professional, appropriate way to ask my manager what my end time will be that day, and what the rest of the week will look like? I don't want to come off as demanding or impatient. I've never had a job give me such little, ambiguous info. And as I'm sure you all understand, it would help to know what my week will look like ahead of time so I can plan accordingly.
----
Post ID: 5302
How to not feel worthless and stop negative thinking?
I graduated, was full of ideas, had a lot of desire to learn and develop my skills... But time fly, without anyone hiring and only rejection. It's been a long time... And now I just feel empty and worthless. I'm not even sure I'm good at something.

When I graduated, I did an internship as a graphic designer. My job was simple, but quite boring. But internship ended. Time passed and I discovered that I hate graphic design, like not the one I did, like adding images there and there, but artistically, I'm not an artist. Whatever, later I did another internship managing social media, organized a big event by myself without experience and I really loved it... But it ended... After that, I got a term position in social media, but it also ended...

Now a couple of years later, I'm still looking for jobs. I've built my own website to start a travel blog and share my passion for photography, but I'm just empty. I don't have inspiration anymore!

And now I want to start a brand I'm thinking about for years, but I just feel lost or not having the skills to do it... If I was a couple of years back, I would have more creativity and will to do things, but by being rejected continuously, I guess my brain is tricking me to think I don't have skills.

In the meantime, I joined a lot of Facebook Groups to find jobs and to connect with people, but it works for other people, and I'm just getting ignored. And I know social media is bad for mental health and maybe I should take a break, but at the same time, I can't ignore the fact that it has also some benefits... But for real, people are just there sharing there life... They are like 5 years younger than me and they lived like 5x times more stuffs than me, working, travelling for like 3 months and have like 6 different skillset.

What am I doing wrong? I don't know. I feel like I tried everything from networking, meeting professional, studying and learning new skills, etc. Maybe my destiny is just to work alone, for myself... I have so many dreams on standby :(
----
Post ID: 5306
Needing some Encouragement 
I started a call center job that is remote about 6 months ago due to sudden health issues . I was kind of desperate when taking this job I was out on FMLA for months and struggling financially . The job pays well and has great benefits , my coworkers and management is very kind. The issue is they micromanage a lot. I’ve never worked a job so micromanaged . Everything I do is tracked . I get audited frequently and due to my health condition I can’t ever meet the goal for the metrics .  This is all new to me and most days I work I feel like crap health wise and emotional wise because I feel like I suck at my job .  I have frequent meetings or reminders for my performance because I can’t meet metrics , other issues like  documenting for too long , and small things . They tend to nit pick . I come back from my days off with emails from management or meeting invites all the time . I also am not as experienced as some of my coworkers so I think I kinda just do suck at my job to be honest here . The issue is I can’t quit and as most people on here can relate it’s hard to find a new job . I’m stuck for a while .This job is really beginning to depress  me and making my health issues worse due to the stress . I am beginning to get burnt out and it’s awful because I haven’t even been there a year yet .

The ask is what tips do you have to be more positive ? How do you decompress ? Is there anything you have done to help change your mentality? I could any tips or words of encouragement. I am having a really hard time and feel defeated with all the performance meetings and frequent disciplinary reminders/ warnings every month. 
----
Post ID: 5323
How to deal with awkward car rides w/ coworkers or boss?
I’m getting a ride to a team building event and I don’t know if it’ll be my boss or another coworker but I have really bad anxiety... It will either be unbearable awkward silence and forced small talk or questions about my personal life that I don’t want to answer :/
----
Post ID: 5337
Uncertain about job offer now
I received a job offer last Friday morning which I reviewed and was very excited about. I then replied to the HR representative later that same day and began the negotiation process by asking if a sign on bonus could be included given that it’s the end of the fiscal year and I’d be missing out on my current annual bonus. 

The HR representative said she would talk to the hiring manager regarding this and get back to me. It has now been a full week since then and I have not received any other updates. Does it typically take this long for a situation such as this? I plan to follow up early next week so see what the deal is. 
----
Post ID: 5349
Recovering addict/bipolar in a job, worried about getting fired.
M (32) So I am currently in a job that has high demands (hospitality). I'm in my 90 days and have made a lot of mistakes. I am worried about potential termination. I have had a cognitive disability since childhood, and have been diagnosed bipolar since 27 and am in recovery from long term substance abuse. HR does not know this (I know HR is never your friend). I am wondering how to navigate the obstacles? I also very much dislike the environment of my job and looking to move on if needed though. I have years of experience in the field plus some education.
----
Post ID: 5354
Start my new job on Monday: how do I tell them about doctor's appointment and holidays.
Hi y'all, a couple of weeks ago I accepted a new offer for a job that I'm super excited for. This is the first job I've ever had that offers me benefits like health insurance and paid personal days. 

Immediately after accepting the offer, I called a specialist for the specific medical care I need, since I've been needing to go and finally was going to be covered. The lady on the phone said they didn't have any appointments until May, so I wasn't worried, but I actually have will be getting in on the 13th now because somebody cancelled. 

I also had plans from the 23rd-26th to see my family out of state, which I bought the tickets for a while ago. 

My company provides employees with 5 personal days each calendar year which I'm hoping to use 4 of. We close early Christmas Eve, and are closed Christmas day, so I'm hoping it won't be too big of an issue.

How should I go about disclosing these plans? I feel like an idiot and should've disclosed my holiday plans during the interview or before accepting the offer, but I didn't want to jeopardize my chance of getting this job.


----
Post ID: 5357
How do you know if the job isn't a good match vs. when you need to skill up and work harder/smarter?
I've been in this job 6 months and it's been a fairly steep learning curve. My boss is hands off and traveling a lot and doesn't do the same work, so training was minimal/nonexistent. 

It's just us two (in a larger company) so I'm stuck on who to reach out for help--and I could really use the support. I'm doing the work of about 2-3 roles right now. I'm struggling to keep all the balls in the air and have made a couple preventable mistakes I feel pretty bad about. I'm in a bit of an anxiety spiral at this point because it seems like no matter what guide rails or processes I put in place, things are not going as well as I'd like. 

I'm just having trouble telling if this role isn't for me or if I need to just buckle down and find some new tools and focus and it's just an adjustment period with a step-up role. 

Anyone in a similar boat? I'm not sure if I should buckle down and really focus and push or if I should call it and start looking for a new job.
----
Post ID: 5369
Unlimited *potential*, but no idea where to go
Hi, all

I'm feeling pretty lost and kinda hopeless right now. I'm currently unemployed and functionally homeless, staying at an Airbnb in Texas (long story). Despite my best efforts, truly trying my damnedest to find a good job and turn things around, it feels like I'm basically screwed on all sides. When my month-long rental is up, that's probably all she wrote as far as my life goes.

I have plenty of soft skills as well as general grit and a willpower. No degree, of course, but solid work, and life, experience. I've done a little bit of everything, though my strengths would be in areas like knowledge work (especially writing), retail, customer service, and driving (regular civilian license tho, no CDL, no endorsements, etc). Given my housing situation, I'd prefer something that either provided housing or paid me to travel, but I'm open to pretty much anything if it just pays a living wage. The problem is it seems no one wants to pay more than beer money in terms of an hourly or salary, so it all just feels worthless.

**Crybaby Backstory (**I'll try to keep it short**):** Was working a regular job up until July of 2021. But I was treated like crap the there, despite the decent pay and benefits. So I bailed. I'd financed a car and been juggling gig work to reasonable success up to that point, so I felt like I could manage fine on those alone anyway. Sadly I underestimated just how capricious and volatile that market could be, so ended up with some good months, some okay months, and a few too many *very* lean months. Wasn't consistently making enough to be more than slightly better than paycheck to paycheck. Then apartment situation became unlivable, and I couldn't find anything equal (let alone better) for less than 300+ more a month, which would probably break me in the long run if not immediately. And then my car got totaled. The same car I financed. I had to pay a certain percentage to close out the loan and get it off the street, which nuked what little savings I had. Understandably, I was "a little" depressed, apathetic, and prone to dissociative procrastination through much of this.

I'm guess at this point I'm posting partly to vent and partly to sincerely ask for help. I've talked with a friend and former roommate who basically tells me I should just give up, but I still have at least enough hope not to jump off something yet. I know the opportunities and the money are still out there somewhere, I just wish I could find them.
----
Post ID: 5426
I overshared at work and now I'm embarrassed and feel like I shot myself in the foot
I was shooting the sh*t at work at a brand new job and shared that I am studying for a particular certification exam to help me when I decide to leave this job. I think I said I'm not in any rush because I just started this job but I would like to have it under my belt for when I decide I want to pursue the next stage in my career. 

I feel like it was an overshare and now I can't stop beating myself up about it. Is what I said that bad? How can I make up for this mistake? None of my superiors were present on the call when I said this but how can I avoid having people think I want to leave asap?
----
Post ID: 5447
This job is making me sick
I have a 90 minute (sometimes 2 hours) commute to the city for work. I’ve been sick since Sunday and took Monday off, unpaid. I used up all my sick time (6 hours) so I could go to a doctors appointment in my home town a few weeks ago. This is is so stressful and I truly believe it’s partly why I’ve been getting sick. We have such a high turnover and people cry on a weekly basis. Plus the commute I have no time to make healthy meals or even get enough sleep. 

I know it’s partly me as well. I’ve been feeling so depressed lately and I haven’t been making great choices food and drink wise. I eat out a lot more and have more alcohol than I’m used too. I want to go to the gym but by the time I get home I’m exhausted. It’s feels like my life and my body is falling apart.
----
Post ID: 5457
My reference wasn’t contacted. But my friend’s was. Should i be concerned?
Hello
My friend and I are newly licensed physician (a month ago). Luckily, I had experience with teleconsults and in-person consultations but was just a reliever, but i still listed them under my “work experience” in my resume. As for my friend, she only had work experience as a licensed pre-med and not as a licensed physician. We decided to apply in a company for teleconsult (said to have 2 slots). So we both applied, got interviewed, and submitted our applications on the same day at the same time. But at the very same day, my friend’s references were contacted and called. Mine weren’t. It was even stated in the text message sent to her references that “blah blah listed you as her reference as she is a candidate for our organization blah blah.” 
While I was just told that I’ll be getting an update in 2 days. 

Should I be concerned? Does this mean that I won’t be getting the job? 
----
Post ID: 5481
Became unemployed today. 
I’m very anxious. I’ve filed for unemployment. Filed human services needs with snap and health insurance. I’ve created a profile and registered to work on MWE. I’m moving a very small amount from my employers 401k plan tomorrow to me, less than $1k. I’ve screened my resume through an Ai service and got some feedback about some wording to change. Compiled a list of about a dozen jobs to apply too soon. I’m taking a break now as I write this. Am I missing anything? 

I’m in Maryland. Let go due to attendance. I was in an accident yesterday too during that down pour in the morning, but of course didn’t care for my well being. I’m stressing out over if I will qualify for unemployment benefits? Any guidance is immensely appreciated. 
----
Post ID: 5488
Too good to be true???
hey yall, I got a minor charge non-violent two weeks ago and if you look up my name on google with the state you can see my mugshot. I’ve applied to literally hundreds of jobs in the city and have heard back from maybe like 10 plus, have got 3 interviews this week, and finally got interviewed and accepted for a job as a dishwasher at an very nice upscale African American bar/lounge. (im also a POC) The thing is though when they were interviewing me they mentioned me working a “training shift” which they agreed was like a stage shift or test shift where they see how i do, but then asked if i can work saturday (tomorrow) and sunday to test out my skills, then mid interview said only come saturday, then changed it (mid interview) looking at their phone saying it might actually only be monday, but they said  then later called me and said come in Tuesday at 8. I’m suspicious because the job posting is “30+days old”, and they called me within 24 hrs to schedule an interview? Maybe I’m just paranoid because I haven’t had a job opportunity in a long time, and its such a nice and upscale lounge why would they hire me?

----
Post ID: 5518
What are the best ways to strategically assess if the location the job you are applying for is the right fit?
Besides the obvious choice of visiting...how do you know the area may be a good fit...especially if you don't have friends in the area?

How are people so sure the location will work out even after they visited a couple of times?

I am scared I will accept a job somewhere and hate the location.
----
Post ID: 5521
Got fired today
Been working at my company for 2 years, had my weekly check-in with my manager today and the HR was in the room. They started by saying the because I am not meeting expectations of the role, I am being let go. Didn’t really give any detailed explanation except that their decision is final. I was too stunned to even challenge them but it would have been futile as they said it was final. This was unexpected because I had my annual review a month ago and my rating across all categories was ‘meeting expectations’, there was one area which was identified as needing improvement and we worked on a plan to improve it this year. I was even keeping my manager informed about my progress. But then this happened today. 

Feels weird to be escorted out of the building after a 5 minute conversation. In a way I am relieved because I was overworked and not really happy with my job, but now I am wondering if I will ever get hired. This incident will be difficult to explain in future interviews if I don’t have enough details to explain (don’t want to lie), and regardless of what I say my employer/ manager will have an upper hand in case of a background check. 

Two questions- How do people get over it and is this the end of the road?
----
Post ID: 5526
Google interview rounds and hiring committee
Does Google conduct all the interview round even if one of the interviews was recorded as a "No Hire"? 

I did all my rounds and currently waiting on the hiring committee. Trying to gauge my chances.

My evaluation if the interview round are Strong Hire, Hire, Hire, Hire. Dont know the actual evaluation, so kind of anxious.


----
Post ID: 5534
I told my boss I wanted to quit but they told me to wait longer. I feel trapped
So I've had a job for about 12ish days now and I am completely aware that I no longer want to do it. There's a lot of pressure and just yesterday I had my first panic attack. Full-on hyperventilating because I had to write a very important three-page document on short notice, while in a zoom meeting, that was due in in an hour and a half. The night before I had stayed up until midnight preparing other documents and media.

I called my boss about two days ago and explained that I'm not a good fit for this position and that I think they should look for someone who is better suited.

My boss is incredibly kind and explained that I'm still adjusting and that I haven't worked in the position long enough to determine that I'm not suited for the role. It was very reassuring and thoughtful. But my boss revealed to me that my position is actually two positions rolled into one (and I am the first person to be given this position), so I am in fact doing the work of two people.

A few days have passed and I still feel sick to my stomach with anxiety and random deadlines floating around in my head. I don't need to set alarm clocks anymore because the emails that pour in from 7am to midnight wake me up.

My mom keeps telling me this is normal and that adulthood is just being miserable all the time. She also tells me that she's proud of me for "powering through even though I don't like it". I feel trapped that I'm being told untrue and harmful things.

I just want to work at Smoothie King or a library. I'd even love to be the person who cleans up after animals in the zoo. 

I keep fantasizing about waking up and blending fruit for people, even rude awful customers who yell at me, because at least my job ends at the end of the day. I want a job where my problems are in front of me and I can solve them with my hands. 

I just can't take this anymore, I want out. How can I get out of here politely? Or should I just try and power through (context, I want to go to grad school in a year anyhow).
----
Post ID: 5545
Not Catching on fast enough
I've just been informed I have to pass a test with a 90% each week to stay employed and I only have 1 attempt. I'm so upset because I'm already struggling. I had to get help twice in training today. They tell me take notes and pay attention and I am its not helping. Start looking for a new job already I guess...
----
Post ID: 5547
Mental health leave during probation? UK
I'm a customer service agent in aviation, started nearly 2 months ago and my mental health is declining. This isn't new to me, i've struggled previously with my mental health however this year it's been at its worst. 

I enjoy the job itself, but I think the sudden 10hr shifts and sleep adjustment is getting to me. I used to work 5/6 hour days, so to go from that to 10hrs is an adjustment i'm struggling to get used to. Even my managers have commented on my appearance, saying I look exhausted.

I can't afford to take any days off, i'm still working my probation. But my mental health is getting out of control and i'm not sure what to tell them. I attempted to take my life at the start of this year and I can feel myself quickly getting back into that headspace. I can't afford to quit this job, literally. My bills and debts will go unpaid. I haven't taken any days off yet and I fear if I do I may not pass probation. Again, I like the job itself, I really do. But i'm not okay. Quitting is quite literally my last resort because I struggle severely with interviews due to my autism, so I planned to stay at this job for as long as possible. 

I plan to call my GP on Monday but looking at how busy they are I probably won't get an appointment until next month. I don't know where else to turn.
----
Post ID: 5586
90 day probation has me worried
this is a little long sorry lol kind of a vent  
i started on the 29th of january, working as a lunch/recess supervisor for children at this elementary school. its such a perfect job as a college student, short hours & decent pay so i am pretty worried about losing it, especially from the 90 day probation. i've been working for about 13 days now and so far so good.  
the hr worker explained to me that this probation is just to see how I'm doing, or see if I'm fit for this job. she told me its very least likely ill be let go from the probation, but it still has happened to workers before and that made me pretty nervous.

ive had 2 years of experience before this job working as a childcare attendant, so i am pretty stable with the experience. i show up on time everyday. i help out as much as i can with tasks, i ask questions to make sure i'm doing things right. i get along with my coworkers, i have the same sense of humor with them so we have fun. i even asked them if i was doing okay, they would say of course & praise me for doing a good job. they would ask me every now and then "are you sure you're going to keep this job? you like it?" (which I'm scared of because what if that's a red flag they want me gone? LOL)  and i do like it! i haven't gotten any complaints (at least i hope so).  


the only issue is i look much younger than my age (i'm 20) but sometimes the kids mistake me as a 5th grader/teen, or they think i'm one of the teachers daughters helping around lol. so because of this assumption, they would not listen. many kids would ignore me or rebel.  one time my coworker told me "you're supposed to tell the kids not to climb that slide" and i told her i did but they were not listening to me. so this issue has been bothering me and i feel like i'm on thin ice because of it. hopefully, this issue goes away soon or maybe i just need to be louder/look more serious.  
everyday i go to work i just think to myself "this is when i get an email/call, and i get fired" lol
----
Post ID: 5602
Remote company has really strict timekeeping practices that I am worried will put me at over 40 hours a week. Can anyone offer some advice on whether I should still take this job?
I am desperate for work, but while I work full-time, I will be taking a coding bootcamp outside of work. The timekeeping requirements concern me. I signed the offer letter, but I did not sign all the agreements. I am also expected to complete certifications for the job within the probationary period. The company hasn't decided yet if we do this on the job or outside the job. Obviously, I am going to push for on the job, or they can let me go, lol.

Here are some concerns I am having:

* The company has a strict timekeeping policy.
* I am wondering if I should ask what the code for certifications will be, as there is no way I am doing them outside my hours (8-5) when I am not getting paid (it is salaried).

**Here is the timekeeping agreement:**

Employees are required to submit their time records by Friday at 3pm EST each week as directed by their managers via the Startlytimekeeping system. Time records must show all hours worked with project codes, departmental codes, and labor distribution codes(e.g., hours worked, vacation time, sick time) that were incurred for the week. Time records are required to be accurate and shouldnot be completed in advance.Each employee is to obtain correct project/departmental codes and maintain an accurate daily record on their time record of hoursworked and the correct codes prior to submission by the following Monday at 3pm EST each week.Employees who are found to be offenders of this policy will be subject to disciplinary action in alignment with Slipstream’s 3-strikesystem as follows:• Strike 1: Email warning• Strike 2: Email warning• Strike 3: Formal documented written warning plus reduction of 1 level for the overall performance rating during the annualreview cycle.Reduction of 1 performance rating leads to approximately 40% reduction in the annual increase amount,meaning a $2,000 annual increase would be reduced to $1,200.

| Initial Performance Rating | Revised Performance Rating |

|----------------------------|----------------------------|

| Exceeds Expectations       | Meets Expectations         |

| Meets Expectations         | Below Expectations         |

| Below Expectations         | Unacceptable               |

There will be NO exception process in place for missed timesheets. Resources on PTO should plan to submit timesheets prior togoing on PTO. Resources should also plan to submit timesheets prior to corporate travel.
----
Post ID: 5615
Does using text for a one-way "recorded" interview disqualify me immediately?
I am really REALLY awful at recording myself. I get nervous and shaky and I mess up. I can type way more eloquently than I can speak, although I can handle an in-person interview just fine. This new trend of one-way pre-recorded interviews freaks me out. Indeed gives me the option to type responses, but is it shooting myself in the foot to use it? Do people get filtered out if they don't use the recording options? 
----
Post ID: 5645
Is getting fired really that detrimental to future prospects?
Obviously excluding getting fired for things like theft, drugs, harassment, etc.

Focusing on things like performance.
----
Post ID: 5743
Fell hard last night and got a black eye. Video interview on Monday. What do I do?
Hey, as the title says, last night I tripped over my big stupid chunky platform shoes and landed against a hard table, and got a massive hematoma on the side of my eye socket. Well, all of the blood has now migrated down to my eye area, and it looks horrible. I have a major job interview on Monday that I otherwise feel pretty good about, but I know the eye is going to gross out the hiring manager. I am a cis woman, so I do have access to makeup, but I don't think makeup can necessarily work miracles.

What would you do in this scenario? Wear an eyepatch? Cover it as best as I can with makeup and pray? Do I address it at the top of the interview, or carry on without mentioning it? Going no-camera is not an option, btw. 

I'm really fretting over this, so thanks for any advice!
----
Post ID: 5767
Wtf is he saying 
I had an interview with a well known company. Dream job. 
I did a phone interview. 
Invited for zoom. 
10 mins after the 3 man panel interview, I'm invited via email to an in person with same group. 
All in all, it went well. 
Hiring manager emailed today to let me know they'll make a choice by tmrw eod. 

I'm wrecking my brain trying to read any signs or subtle things I maybe missed. 
But I know it's normal and part of this process. 

In retrospect, they asked me when I'd be able to start if offered the position. 

Any thoughts? 
----
Post ID: 5791
I’m not sure if I just bombed an interview or not.
I felt super anxious during the interview. It made me feel dumb, and I answered some technical questions wrong that I should have answered correctly. There were other questions that I was asked, and I never worked on those things before. I didn’t lie about it, I just told him I’ve never worked out it before and I’ll start learning about the systems. I also don’t have much hands on experience. I have years of training, but thats it. A lot of the questions surrounded my experience doing maintenance. After the 3rd time this happened, I explained to him that I don’t want to lie to his face, and that I have almost zero experience doing the hands on aspect. 

At the end, I realized I never answered anything in the star format.(half of the interview was supposed to be in star format) I wanted some feedback from the interviewer about my mistakes, so I brought this fact up. He told me,” I can’t tell you whether or not you passed or failed this interview. You did pretty well though.” 

Now I don’t know what to think. 
----
Post ID: 5884
Help I'm so nervous
Tomorrow is the final round of interviews for what is basically my dream job. I'm meeting the director in person which is great! But they said a portion of the interview would be done online? I have no idea what they are testing me on. I've spent days freshening up on Excel (it's an admin job so I'm assuming I'll need it) but idk how much excel they're gonna want or if that's even what they're gonna be testing. I've looked at attention to detail tests and taken speed typing tests to practice. I feel like there's nothing else I can really do to prepare for the role since I don't know what they plan on having me do for the online portion and it's freaking me out because I NEED this job so badly.
----
Post ID: 5911
Leaving job less than one year due to mental health
In the past few months, I've come to dread my job. I've previously struggled with anxiety and I've had it mostly under control but it's returned recently and it's starting to affect my day-to-day life. I ruminate and obsess constantly to the point that I'm only sleeping five hours a night and just can't shake thinking about how unhappy I am and worrying about all the things that stress me out about my job. My goal was to make it one year in this job (so early December) and then quit to reskill/upskill to a new industry between December and next summer when my spouse and I will move to a new city for their job in June. Lately I've been thinking about leaving in November - or even October - as the anxiety feels unbearable. However, I'm worried about how it would look on my resume quitting so close to one year, especially without another job lined up. Looking for any advice or stories from people who've been in similar situations. 
----
Post ID: 5919
I feel most employers aren't going to want to hire me
I'm 23, no work experience, and autistic. I have been going to college in my free time. Both of these things are red flags in the job seeking world. Employers are biased against autistic people so if they think at any point you are autistic they won't hire you. I feel embarrassed having to explain my lack of work history in interviews. 

No employer is going to hire someone who is autistic and new to jobs over a neurotypical who has had a good work history. This makes job searching feel pointless because I feel I'm going to get declined anyway.
----
Post ID: 5924
Starting a new job that I'm not cut out for. Just thinking about the job is sending my anxiety through the roof.
I landed a job as a unit secretary at a hospital in the operating room unit. During the interview, the charge nurses interviewing me really emphasized just how fast paced and mean doctors & nurses are on a daily basis.

Because this is the only job I've managed to get after a whole year of unemployment, I accepted it and will start in a week.

Now I'm getting severe anxiety of everything that will go wrong on a daily basis. I hate getting yelled at, I'm super non-confrontational, hell, even someone just being a little mean to me ruins my whole day because I'm sensitive as fuck, but now I'm gonna be put in a position where I'm constantly gonna get yelled at by angry doctors, nurses, and family members on a daily basis. My job is also high pressure because I'm gonna be faced with helping tending to 40-50 operations in an 8-hour shift, be the person people depend on to order equipment on time, order medication on time, register patients, etc., and I don't really work well in fast paced environments. What really adds to my anxiety is that I was only able to get the job because my aunt referred me, but if I quit early on, she'll get a bad rep, and I'll have to stay in a job that overworks and underpays me for a long period of time in order to avoid making her look bad.

This job also only pays minimum wage, so I'm literally dying from anxiety right now wondering if going through all that for 40 hours every week is even worth it.

My anxiety is literally eating away at me. I don't think I'm cut out to work in a hospital. I don't wanna feel that gut-wrenching pit of dread and anxiety every time it's time to go to work, and I fear this job will make my already shitty mental health even shittier. 

Are there any OR Secretaries out there that can reassure me it'll be ok? Or am I actually screwed? Should I back out of the job? I just feel so cornered I don't know what to do.


----
Post ID: 5951
2 Write Ups and I'm Concerned
So I recently got my second write up within the last two months for money-related reasons. I work as a receptionist, and it tends to get really fast paced. I've been there for almost a year now and the first incident, I did not have a payment input while I was at the second location. A lot went into what could've prevented it, so I entirely understand why I got a write up. My managers were pretty stressed out about it when it happened and I was too because it was cash and it was for one of the doctor's closer personal patients.

However, the second write up recently is what scares me because I overthink way too much. During a rush, I didn't count a patients copay, and it resulted in my deposit not matching my report, and I knew it was this patient because 1) it was a large amount of cash that didn't match and 2) I had only received 3 other payments that were low. He laid the money in front of me on my desk and began to count, so I assumed (my mistake) that he gave me the right amount. After looking at the cameras, he set aside some money and only gave me a portion. He could have done this purely by accident, but it's still on me for not double checking, which I usually do.

This time my manager sounded very understanding, especially after checking the cameras and telling her what happened. But today she explained what the plan was as far as his missing amount goes, she told me she genuinely believes he did not pay the amount but she would "write it up" for me when I get back from the second location. Not write me up, not sure if she is just avoiding saying the phrase. There's nothing in the handbook that says anything about a 3 write up rule, but it's maybe been talked about once at a meeting? briefly, but even then everyone doesn't seem to act like it's a set in stone thing. It could just be for behavior but someone mentioned it was specifically if it was a write up for the same problem.

Again, I understand where I went wrong and my managers have been very understanding about things, but I am definitely scared in regards to my job. It's like on one hand, I could assume they'd move me to a different position/ignore the 3 write ups, but on the other hand, they could fire me at 3, and I'm not financially stable for that. I don't want to look for another job because I don't like job hopping, and I hate starting over and having to re-explain to people my anxiety issues. It's easier to be with employers that have been understanding when certain things happen regarding my mental health. Overall, I've been a very decent worker, I've just had these 2 hiccups with my money lately and it is getting under my skin

TLDR: got my second write up and I'm very scared for financial reasons, but I'm not sure if it is enforced for termination after 3
----
Post ID: 5961
How fuck up would I be for not being polished-looking on my final interview?
I (f23) will have my final interview in a few days and I am expected to present in front of managers. I know that this type of interview is meant for the company to see whether I am fit for the company or not, thus, it is important to look nice and clean to give a positive impression.

HOWEVER, I'm a broke-unemployed fresh graduate and I have no money to buy myself some nice clothes for my final interview. I'm a big woman and all my friends are skinnier than me, so borrowing clothes from people is not an option. 

I do have a decent shirt and blazer from a couple of years ago, but I have lost some weight in the past year that these clothes look a bit ill-fitting on me. Also, my formal shoes are broken, so my only option is to use my sneaker alongside my old shirt and blazer.

How fuck up would I be for showing up with such clothes?

TL;DR - I'm planning to wear an old and ill-fitting blazer and sneakers to my final job interview. How fuck up would I be for showing up with such clothes?

Note: I applied for a marketing position that involves frequent client and sales presentations. The company that I applied to is in the SaaS-automotive industry, they are quite big and they consider themself as one of the industry leaders.

Thank you!
----
Post ID: 6026
So friggin nervous
I start my new job tomorrow at an Aldi warehouse near me.  I've been unemployed since may after leaving my job of 18 years to get sober.  I'm clean now, but I'm not gonna lie, those 4 months were pretty nice.  I haven't had that time off in over 18 years.  

Anyway I start orientation tomorrow and I have zero warehouse experience (I told them this on the interview).  The pay is really good and I really just want to do well.  My savings is dwindling and I can't afford to screw this up.  Anyone have experience working there? I'm sure it's hard work and I have no issue with that.  
----
Post ID: 6044
Hiring manager keeps looking at my LinkedIn. I’m freaking out.
I had an initial interview with the direct hiring manager earlier this week. I think it went fine but who can ever be sure. They asked me to send over some samples which I did later that day and have since looked at my LinkedIn profile twice. 

I have no idea what to think but something tells me that’s not a great sign. I’m so desperate to land this job because it’s perfect and my current place is a bit of a sinking ship. I hate this process. Any idea what would make a manager keep going back to someone’s LinkedIn account rather than their resume?
----
Post ID: 6070
A company asked me for a post-interview skill assessment, how can I prepare?
Yesterday, one day after my last interview, the acquisition talent manager calls me and says that the managers in the interview liked my attitude and wanted to move to the next step, a skill assessment.

It will take them about a week to create it as they need to build it from scratch for my case. They weren’t able to provide further details.

While I wait for them to give me more information, how can I best prepare myself? What can I do that is under my control to be successful?

Context: 

1) I have done already 2 tests (behavioral and cognitive) and 2 other interviews (1 initial screening and 1 technical) 

2) The position gravitates around process improvement and delivery management.

3) This is the opportunity of a lifetime for me as it would offer me possibility to leave a terrible, underpaid job and relocate abroad. 

Thanks for anybody’s input. 
----
Post ID: 6088
New Job Blues or Deeper than that?
Hi everyone,

Started a new job this week and was something I was really excited about and ticked all the boxes of a job I’d love to give a try to take my career to the next level. It’s a promotion for me which means more money, more holiday hours and flexibility in managing my own week.

The role was brought up to me by a few individuals who believed I may be a good fit and I read more about it and sounded good and so I went for it and have been successful in securing the position.

However, I have had previous issues when moving roles in the past where I tend to get really really overwhelmed, anxious and depressed - almost like a homesickness feeling as I miss my old role and the comfort it brings me and being stable. I feel myself feeling that way again and im worried as I really wanted this and I want to be successful as I can’t stay in my previous role forever! 

I’m unsure if I get a case of new job blues as I’m new and have no idea what I’m doing and I’m anxious about that etc. Or, is it perhaps I have some deeper lying issue regarding big changes as I was the same when moving into my first home and that took me nearly a year to get used to and I had therapy etc. 

I know it all takes time etc. but I want to know if it’s normally to feel so completely overwhelmed that all you think about is work and it gets you down when you start a new role. I’m very withdrawn and disconnected at the moment.
----
Post ID: 6095
Got a call saying I got the job but gone quiet for 3 days?? No updates
I interviewed for an early years teacher position a couple weeks ago, 11 days later, I assumed I didn't get it, but out of the blue I get a call apologizing for the delay, saying I got the job. She then tells me I'll be recieving an email with all the info about the job, documents to sign, etc. I told her I'm really excited and can't wait to start. 

I got the call Monday, but it's Thursday now and haven't received any email. The anxious side of me is saying they've forgotten about me lol. I sent an email yesterday to say thank you again for the opportunity and when will I expect an update. Nothing back yet. 

This is a job I desperately wanted and has been a long term goal for me. It's full time and permanent and will finally be give me the opportunity to move to the city where it's near and move out of my mum's house. 

How long should I leave it before I actually give her a call back and kindly ask for an update? and I welcome any comments telling me I'm overthinking and paranoid about it 😂 

Kind regards
----
Post ID: 6119
Should I Take This Job Offer? I’m Not in the Best Place Mentally
Lately, I’ve been feeling pretty down—like truly depressed. Not having a job for a while and dealing with other personal things has made me feel like giving up. I’ve started seeing a therapist and looking into antidepressants, but honestly, it’s been rough. It’s even harder when you don’t have any close friends or family to lean on.

I recently got offered a new job that’s about 50 minutes away. The pay is around $60K—not amazing, but the benefits are decent, including tuition reimbursement which could help me with college. I’m wondering… would it be stupid not to take it?

----
Post ID: 6205
Do we all pretend that we have it all under control and know it all or is it just me? 
I got into a newer and bigger role and i am constantly questioning myself if I’m the right man, if I’m capable or competent enough? 
How is the management seeing me? 

Also, I had a very quick career growth here - 2 promotions in 2 years. The leadership has very positive reviews about me. But since I’ve taken this new role, I’m just not sure how am I doing. I’ve taken feedback from my bosses and they haven’t given me any negative feedback in fact they praised how quickly I settled in and doing a good job. But what to do with self doubt and feeling that I don’t know enough? 
----
Post ID: 6230
My boss acts like every mistake is a huge deal and I’m starting to worry about my job security.
I am a recent college graduate who has been at my job for six months. Occasionally I make mistakes at work but I really don’t think I am an awful worker. 

Lately I feel like my boss doesn’t think I’m progressing as I should. For example I didn’t CC somebody who I should’ve for an email and there was some confusion so when I called my boss in he got frustrated that I hadn’t emailed the right person. He kind of went into a little speech about how I need to start learning the intricacies of the job and he’s a nice guy so he wasn’t yelling but I could tell he was hinting that I wasn’t where he thinks I should be.

Today was even worse because a mistake was caught that’s actually kind of a big deal that I made about two months ago. My senior (not the boss I’m talking about) called me to let me know that they’re “concerned about a few things” and kind of went into another speech about how they can’t be looking over my shoulder for every little thing.

I really don’t think that I mess up that often and I feel like it should be somewhat expected that I make a few mistakes here and there but I’m an incredibly anxious person and my boss kind of piles it on if you make (or he notices) two mistakes in a short period of time. I just want to know how to gauge whether my job is in jeopardy or not.
----
Post ID: 6385
I start my new job on Monday and I’m feeling nervous 
I will be working with people who have a mental health diagnosis and drug use histories. This is what my degree is in. It took me awhile to find a job that tailored to my degree. I’m nervous because I dislike starting over in new places with new people and not knowing my case load of people yet. I’m not a people person but I am good at putting on a game face and interacting when needed. I’ve had jobs in the past and the idea of starting over is what is giving me anxiety. I don’t know how the process will play out but I know I need to go with the flow and see what it’s about. I should be happy and I am but I took a pay cut to get into this job. My goal is to move up in the company within a years time. 
----
Post ID: 6441
How to deal with post interview anxiety?
Hi all!

I finished my studies in June and have been job hunting since. Last week, about 2-3 months into my search, I had an interview with a company on Tuesday, and I immediately felt a strong connection with them. It seemed mutual, as they called me just 30 minutes later to invite me for a business case on Friday.

I believe I did well during the case, as their feedback was mostly positive. Afterwards, I was introduced to two potential future colleagues who spoke with me for about 15-20 minutes and gave me a tour of the office. Overall, I left with a really positive impression.

Now, here's where I struggle: post-interview anxiety. Even with the positive feedback, doubts keep creeping in—questions like, "Why didn’t they discuss next steps?" or "What if I misinterpreted their response?"

I really want this job, but the waiting is stressing me out. Any advice on managing this post-interview anxiety would be much appreciated!

Thanks in advance!
----
Post ID: 6506
Is it appropriate to reach out to clients for potential job opportunities?
Long story short, I am resigning at my current job because they completely changed my role into something I never wanted to do. I am happy with that decision, but I am anxious about unemployment. I am in marketing and work with tons of clients: one of which is growing and expanding jobs weekly. Since I know direct contacts there, would it be appropriate to reach out to them? You always gotta know someone nowadays to get anywhere in the application process, but I don’t wanna come across as unprofessional. 
----
Post ID: 6508
Got put on a PIP, should I consider this the end? 
I've been in my role as a content marketer for just over a year. It's been mostly good, with good feedback and the odd thing to work on coming up in 1-2-1s. I did have a blip at the start of the year due to poor mental health and spoke about this with my manager. They seemed supportive. Things seemed like they were on the up.

While this has been going on, the company has gone through a big expansion. New execs, tons of new hires.

Last week, I went into a regular one to one and was told my productivity wasn't good enough and it was 'very concerning'. Keep in mind I had a one to one less than 2 weeks before and nothing was mentioned. My manager made it seem like it was either improve or leave. They even mentioned about how they would leave and take some time to myself and then work freelance. It felt like a 'coach them out' situation. My manager then said they were going to work out a personal improvement plan for me.

Now, I know that my productivity has been a bit shit recently, but I wouldn't say it was terrible. This feedback has come out of nowhere.

I've seen a lot of talk that getting put on a PIP is basically the beginning of the end and I should immediately be looking for a new job. The expansion makes me think this could be the case. But also, I'm conflicted as to whether I am just not fulfilling the role and actually need to do a lot of improvement.

Would love to hear from other people who have been in a similar place.
----
Post ID: 6516
i want to leave a job I just got
I'm autistic and I just started working from home taking calls a couple weeks ago. I'm good at customer service but the constant calls and having to manage them correctly and remember everything I need to know has been overwhelming for me. I don't dislike people but I don't think I can handle this much interaction daily.

I just left my other job in November how would I handle job applications? Do I tell them the new position ended up a bad fit? I'm physically disabled and part of the reason I left the last job was because it was starting to destroy my body is this okay to bring up for less physically demanding positions? 

I feel so lost and exhausted and hopeless. 
----
Post ID: 6517
New Job Worries
Recently, I started a new job. I switched from one field (child care) to another field (office administration) I was very very transparent while in the interview process for this new job, in that I don't bring any office administration experience with me, that's not to say we didn't have administrative tasks in child care I was just very aware of what the office administration position and childcare we're looking for very different tasks. 

I've been at this job for 2 months now, and I feel like I keep making mistakes, because I do. Everyone at my job is very understanding and willing to help me learn, and I am willing to learn and take on those new skills, I make sure to keep asking questions, and clarify if I don't understand something. I work in a very busy physiotherapists office. I guess I'm just worried that they will decide that this is not a good fit, I'm worried that they'll let me go because of all the mistakes that I'm making. With that being said, the clients love me, they always say they're so happy to see me, and I hope I don't go anywhere.. not the know anything of the struggles that I'm facing, I guess I'm just anxious.

I've noticed a lot of the mistakes that I'm making is when it gets really busy in the office, I forget to book people's appointments I forget to cancel people's appointments so on and so forth, with that being said I now keep a notebook on my left side and a pen ready to go to ensure that if I do feel like I'm going to forget something I take a second to jot it down. I've also been working on telling customers too " I just need one minute to jot something down before I forget and then I'll be right with you" with that being said, when big things happen like forgetting to book a patient and then they show up because they think they are booked I feel bad bothering my practitioners because I know that they have lots to do with their day and they might have planned something to do while they're not with a client. 

 This is happened before with previous positions and it's always worked out in the end. I guess at the end of the day the worst thing that can happen is I will be let go, and at the end of the day child Care will always be a position I can go back to, even if not my preferred. 

Thank you so much for listening to my rant. I really hope nothing happens and I don't get fired, I think it's just my anxiety telling me lies 

----
Post ID: 6522
I feel unwanted/not desirable
I apologize for bothering you with my boring posts about job hunting and interviews but I really need a job I can’t stay like that.

I have been feeling lately that the problem that I am not getting a job is maybe because of me. Maybe the people interviewing me do not like me. I am trying to self reflect and see what’s going wrong before jumping to conclusions about me and others.

I am trying to self analyze and ponder, do I look sloppy/unkempt? Am i weird? Am i a neurodivergent person? Do people or HRs think I am too weird to be working with them.

I had 14 interviews in the past 10 months which means I am indeed getting interviews and in fact i am getting at least one interview per month. So, the issue is not in the CV/skills credentials. The issue is in how I present myself.

I am trying to know myself better and know how I appear to others hence I can improve my weak points. 

Let’s come to the personality aspect, I don’t have a personality disorder as per psychiatrist nor do I fall in the autism spectrum. I have nothing against people with Autism or personality disorder, i am just trying to see if other people see me as strange, hence they don’t like me. Because most neurotypical people i noticed do not have enough understanding of ppl different than them.

Also, I don’t dress strangely in interviews, I wear office shirt and pants. 

Another thing, I try to listen attentively and answer with respect.

Could it be my appearance? I am overweight at this time but not severely overweight. I am trying to shed off the excess.

I just need a job lol. 


----
Post ID: 6565
Placed on a PIP, manager is trying to get me to quit. Please help.
I’ve been thinking about leaving my company for a long time now, because I’m doing an unnecessary commute that wasn’t outlined in my offer letter. In addition to that, my manager for whatever reason does not like me. I have known this since the beginning and I can’t quite figure out why because I have put in 100% effort to this job since I started. I love the company, but she is the only roadblock holding me back which is really disappointing.

But aside that fact, this past week, I was blindsided by being placed on a PIP initiated by her after having received no write ups for coaching’s at all whatsoever since I started at the company. The only other thing she outlined during my last review was to improve accuracy. I even got a raise! This just seems completely unwarranted and I know that her sector of the company is struggling financially and that I am being used as a scapegoat. I acknowledged the PIP, and had a Meeting with her yesterday to talk about next steps. I came fully prepared with a detailed outline on how I can improve. She did not even want to hear my next steps and told me she doesn’t have the time. I asked her who I can go to to receive additional coaching and advice/learning and she said that I shouldn’t need that at this point and that is the whole point of this 30 day review. She told me that I need to work on the PIP independently and at this point I either know it or I don’t and that we will meet multiple times a week so I can prove my skill set is improving. She put the meetings back to back so I literally have no time to prep. And in addition to that, I have to maintain my original workload and meet all of those metrics as well which was already causing me a lot of stress because her department is failing, at no fault of my own. She also has called me over 10 times in the past 24 hours nitpicking every single thing that I’m doing. It almost feels like retaliation. I held back tears so many times today because it is literally causing me chest pain, I don’t know how long I can handle this. I can’t quit because I’m not in the financial position to do so. My parents want me to do the best I can so I can keep this job and not have to move back home, but I think at this point I should just start looking for another one correct? 

Obviously, I will not quit until I have a back up plan. I’m really trying my best but I’m having some really dark thoughts lately. I don’t know why she hates me so much and she doesn’t seem willing to help me get through the plan at all. I documented my goals today and our touch base so I at least have proof that I did the best I could whenever they fire me so I can collect unemployment. Is there anything else I should be doing in the meantime? I am under so much stress I don’t know how I’m going to be able to get through the next 30 days. I just really hope I can find something in the meantime so I can leave. Any advice is appreciated
----
Post ID: 6571
Anyone else questioning their skills? 
Been to multiple engineering interviews where I come out thinking I definitely got the job and then didnt. I'm starting to feel like my skills/experience is not enough. It also feels like these job postings want you to have all the requirements they are looking for. 

Background
8 years in manufacturing.
BS manufacturing engineer
----
Post ID: 6669
Cancer history is a catch-22
I graduated with a reputable masters degree in statistics May of 2021. In June of that same year I found out I had cancer. Im in remission now and have began to look for jobs. During interviews employers ask about the gap: 

If I explain my cancer, they wont hire me because Im risky candidate. If I don’t explain it, they wonder why I haven’t found a job. Last time I explained myself I said: “Due to covid, I could not find a job”. The interviews looked at each other like I was making it up. 

I really don’t know what to do anymore

Edit: I am only a US Citizen looking in the Data American Market (Statistician/Data Analyst…)
----
Post ID: 6740
How did you overcome your insecurities and land your first job?
Right now, I’m a little insecure about applying for a job. I look at job postings and most say experience required/preferred in [insert skill]. I’ve never had a job therefore no prior experience or any skills (or resume). Of course, I’m willing to learn and gain experience, mostly the entire reason why I’m looking, but if the posting says experience required/preferred then I get discouraged and just end up not applying. 

My demeanor(?) does not help either. I’m not a very…outspoken person. I’m not confident or a leader and would not feel comfortable if I were to ever be put in that position. I’m more of a listener and follower. I’d like to think that if the situation would deem it necessary then I would voice my opinions but the environment I grew up in was one where there were things expected of me with additional pressure of being first born and other personal things where I had no say and was forced to go along with. 

I’m also not confident because of my appearance. I’m a chubby person with a lot of hair loss (you can actually see my scalp) and a facial skin condition that gets oily (both) by the next day. Almost everyone I know/familiar with always comments on it and recommends products I could use to make them better but all that is doing is making me feel even more insecure. It’s to the point where I feel like I have to wear a hoodie and mask just to make me feel less awkward and insecure. 

So basically, I’m a person with a lot of insecurities and no confidence, skills, and experience who needs to hear your stories to motivate me and encourage me. Thus my title: 

How did you guys land your first job?

What kind of jobs did you apply to?

Did you apply for a job that required skills you did not have and got hired?

Was there something you were insecure  about when applying for your first job? If yes, what was it? How did you overcome it? 

How did you apply for a job without a resume to submit? 

If you did, how did you build up your resume if you had not skills, experience, or anything of the sort?


I’d like to apologize for my lengthy post, my rambling, and in case I have the wrong flair. I felt like I needed to just get that out of my chest.
----
Post ID: 6881
Looking for job but don’t want to jump into anything anymore
**EDIT: I don’t want to jump into JUST ANYTHING, I want to work but the post will explain my thoughts.**

To give a little context, I (m20) have been working since I was 17. I’ve had a little under 10 jobs since then, holding four of them each between 7 months to a little over a year (not simultaneously). Other jobs I held for about 2-3 months (furlough or simply quit), with my most recent job having only lasted for about a month.

The reason I quit my last job was for mental health reasons. I am unofficially diagnosed by my counselor with depression and an anxiety issue and am looking to see a psychiatrist soon. I had this freight handling job for a month and it had great pay, but the training consisted of an overload of information and little to no guidance. At the same time, I started school up again and was going through serious relationship problems.

Now fast-forward about a month since I quit, I’m still unemployed and I’m being pressured into getting a job by my parents (culture doesn’t care much about mental health, so that discussion is off the table). Regardless, I DO want to work, but I’m very cautious to jump into just any job. The last job I held I applied for because it had amazing pay and a great schedule, but from the moment I applied I knew I was way out of my area of expertise.

I’m not asking for something easy here. The thing is I WANT to have a good work ethic again, I don’t want to be a lazy bum. I’ve applied at a local video game and DVD store, which wouldn’t pay much but would put some cash in my pockets. My doubts are whether I’d be setting myself back further by not earning more or letting my mental health improve while I work a less demanding job in an environment that makes me happy (I love movies and games).

It sucks cause I have goals and ambitions. I want to move out with my girlfriend, I want to have nice things (not expensive things), and I want to not feel so beneath my friends and family my age who seem to be succeeding so much. Not sure if this is the right subreddit for that discussion, though.

I guess I’m just looking for some thoughts, advice, or both.
----
Post ID: 7003
Should I get fired?
I just started a new job at a daycare and I am SO horrified and embarrassed at my mistakes. For context, I have never worked at a proper daycare with children this young before and I am only 18. was trying my best but with all of the new things to learn and try to keep track of I may have ended up losing a child’s item. I thought I had put it in their backpack. After hearing about this I sincerely apologized and was instructed to reach out to the parents to try and track down the missing clothes. Another mistake I made was that I had a child pee on the changing table while changing them more than once. I am so embarrassed and im nervous that they’re going to tell me that I’m incompetent for this role. I really like it here so far and despite some confusion I’ve been trying my very best.
----
Post ID: 7004
I don’t have to best track record with my jobs that I have worked and I don’t know how full out a background check
For a back story I am a 25 grad student and I have notoriously job hopped trying to find something in my field. I got fired from two jobs and I worked both from less than 10 months. I also have some gaps in my work history, but I finally got a job that I really want. They are having me fill out a in depth background check and I lied in my resume and fudged the dates of how long I actually worked at the jobs I got laid off from. I know sure if I should be honest with the actual dates in the background check or keep the lie.
----
Post ID: 7006
Anyone know where I can quickily find a legit work from home kind of job?
I'm a 23, almost 24 year old male who has worked majority blue collar jobs with some sales experience for AT&T and Cricket. 

I have some back problems and I've been out here quite sometime without much support from family and just overall unsatisfied and depressed by how hard I have to work to be able to make some paper. I've got bad credit so I'm always having to buy rundown cars to get by, because where I live walking and taking a bus isn't always an option. Gas prices are killing me on top of that, and I enjoy not being around a whole lot of employees. 

I am always sickly and hurting, I had cancer when I was 15 for about 6 months and I think the chemo may have stunted me a little bit. Anxiety out the goop because of childhood trauma on top of all of that. 

I currently work ten to twelve hour days five-six days a week using a torch to cut chunks of metal full of some weird black plate stuff that I have to bust all day and it isn't that bad, however it's draining and my off days I don't feel like doing much but sleep.

I am well experienced operating windows, and have a laptop ready to be bought at a moments notice thanks to the hours from this job, I'm just not sure where to start. I'm from the U.S., and if anybody knows of anything making 14 or more an hour, I'd be so appreciative.

Sorry for the TMI.
----
Post ID: 7041
I just lost my dream job, now I'm really scared of the future.
Hi, everyone

The company I worked at just announced they were shutting down their operations in the next few months.  Because of this, they have decided to lay off everyone working there, including me.


As you may have expected from reading the title, I absolutely loved my company and my job.  Needless to say, I've been pretty emotional when I got the news.  My mind's also been kind of all over the place since that announcement.  My future goals and my hopes of living out my life in happiness, instantly gone in a flash.  I'm probably taking a break from everything for at least a week or 2, just to decompress, relax, and clear my mind off things.  After that, I'll probably go back to the one activity I wish I never had to do again - job searching.


With all the things that happened,  I'm now having constant fears over what the future will hold.  I'm kind of worried that for my next job, I may probably hate it (or at least won't love it anywhere near as much).  I'm also stressed and afraid of what the future will hold.  I have been laid off from 3 different jobs in the last 4 years and I didn't take those easily.  This one in particular especially hurts.  It just feels like I'm forced to live in this sick twisted game forever, being happy with what I have, only to lose all of it after a period of time.  Maybe I'm thinking all of this too negatively because it happened so suddenly, but it just feels like that for me right now.


Is there any advice you guys can give me in this difficult time?  I Any sort of positivity or advice will help out, just to cheer me up little by little.  I wish you guys a happy and healthy day, thank you.
----
Post ID: 7071
Multiple mess-ups on my first week at new job.. feeling awful and scared of being fired
Hi

Recently started a new job this week and have already messed-up big time.

1. I was 15 minutes late on my first day. This was entirely my fault, some shifts began at 9 this week, some at 915, some at 830, and I got them mixed up. 
2. I was tasked to create client entries "only for next week", carelessly skipped over these instructions, and ended up creating entries for one client for the entire month. Thus, I was only able to create two client entries for next week. When I apologized for my mistake, I was told "okay, thanks for the update". 
3. I was tasked to email my supervisor at 10am indicating where I left off, but was working until 10am so I ended up emailing her at 10:14am. 
4. My background check was delayed. I know this is out of my control, but this already leaves such a bad impression on me.

I'm so freaking scared and worried that they are regretting their hiring decision and will eventually fire me. I'm giving off such an awful first impression and don't know how to stop worrying. 
----
Post ID: 7078
Job anxiety advice
I am 25 M and have been out of work since the age of 20 due to severe social anxiety. Unfortunately, I cannot continue to not work so have had to try and get a job. I have an interview this week and I am so incredibly nervous. I am already loosing sleep. Has anyone got any advice? I am worried about the interview AND if I get the job, I'll be totally lost and out of my comfort zone. My confidence has taken a huge knock staying indoors most of the time for 5 plus years and I now feel like a child being let out into the world without a clue. Any tips would be greatly appreciated. 
----
Post ID: 7093
I want to quit my job
I've only been working here for 2-3 months though. But I always have a knot of anxiety in my stomach from having to deal with difficult customers. I get stressed out when I have to tell them things they don't want to hear and then they react negatively. Or when they get frustrated with me for things I have no control over (I work in a call center). Dealing with unhappy people who take their unhappiness out on me makes me anxious. 

I don't want to experience that everyday. But I don't know where to go from here. I can't quit without having something else lined up.

My previous job was in retail. I have a degree but I'm not interested in the field. Where can I go from here? I want to work in a less hostile environment.
----
Post ID: 7120
Start date next week, no official job offer
In early June I heard back from an employer confirming that I got the job I applied for. My acceptance was contingent on me passing a background check and drug screening. I knew neither would be a problem. I agreed to the offered salary and asked for a later start date. They told me that they informally expected me to work for them for at least 2-years and I agreed to those terms. I put in the 2-weeks notice at my old job  early because I was burnt out and needed to take some time for myself before the new role.

I have been out of work for two weeks now and my start date for the new job is next Monday. My soon to be supervisor emailed me and said that she was told I would be receiving my offer letter soon. She sent me that email 6 days ago but I still don’t have the offer letter. I sent a follow up email this morning and received an auto reply that she is out of the office until my start date.

I am extremely nervous that I made a mistake by leaving my old job before receiving an official offer. I am first generation and have no idea how to navigate this situation or who to ask for advice. Is there a chance that my offer could be rescinded? Should I plan to go to the office on Monday if I don’t receive an offer letter? Am I over reacting?
----
Post ID: 7148
First Federal Job Background & Polygraph
HI! I just graduated college and applied for a federal job. I'm really anxious due to the fact that I do have a sketchy past. I have a history of drugs use, most over 5 years old, and I am noticing I'm saying "yes" to more things than I'd like in the questionnaire used for what I assume will be the polygraph. I'm doing my best to be 100% honest because I know I'm not good at lying so that's useless. And I'm not like that anymore, drugs terrify me I only take ibuprofen for the most part. And I'm way less reckless and, well, stupid. 

But I keep finding myself asking "can they use this information against me later? It's basically a confession." & "Everyone says they just care if I'm honest and I'm not that person anymore but I can see why they wouldn't want to hire me with this information".

And I have diagnosed anxiety which isn't helping me at all. I know the polygraph isn't going to go well for me even when I tell the truth for everything.

If anyone has any insight or experience they want to share I'd really appreciate it.
----
Post ID: 7166
I am in a very bad situation.
Me and my girlfriend moved out of our town Midwest to a town in Idaho. We’ve been sharing rent with a friend of mine for the last 8-9 months. We haven’t had any crazy paying jobs but we’ve been able to get buy with paying rent, our phone bill, insurance payments ect. We are getting married in October and just took a week off work to see the venue back home. When we got back my manager at Dennys asked if I could stop in to speak with him. On the way to Dennys our car broke down. Turns out my manager wanted to talk to us because he was firing my fiancé and cutting my hours from 40 a week to 16.5. He said he fired my fiancé because she was having an attitude with him and he didn’t like it. She was only having an attitude because she is a server and throughout our time working there she had over $700 in tips missing. (They would show up on her pay stub but she added up all the receipts she got every night). Anyway I am just freaking out, my anxiety is super bad, I don’t know what to do. We are looking for another job, but without a car it’s almost impossible to find one where we could walk or bike too in this town. On top of that we have to pay for the car and our wedding. We have about 1500 saved but Im just freaking out. Any advice would be great. Thanks.
----
Post ID: 7184
Tasks out of job description; not completely honest in an interview
Hi everyone! 
I was hired for WFH position, starting tomorrow. In the interview for non-technical position my future boss asked if I know sql assuming I am, based on my technical background, I coudn't resist but said that I have a little experience with SQL to get the job as I knew the job responsibilities don't include anything with database nor SQL in required skills for a position. To which she said that they have people that work with database and extract data with SQL but in some cases the task is easy and I should do it myself so I don't bother other employees. 
I don't know SQL. I saw commands and even write code bit it's a vague memory. I hope I can google commands in case I'll need to write query or ask other staff to do their job. But I'm stressing out - what if I couldn't do all these things and they'll find out I wasn't completely honest in an interview. 
What do you guys think?
----
Post ID: 7201
Interview in 3hrs
I have an interview in 3hrs and I'm not nervous.. i feel like I should be. I don't think I have the job in the bag or anything.. 

I'm not sure how to feel. I'm numb I guess. 

Does this even mean anything or maybe I am nervous but can't tell.
----
Post ID: 7243
New job anxiety

Can anyone share some stories of new job anxiety. I just started a new job and they haven’t trained me yet, I have to just ask questions all the time. It makes me anxious that I’m just being expected to know everything already. It’s my 5th day. I am asking and doing the best I can.


----
Post ID: 7279
I was fired from my job and I'm afraid to tell my parents.
I'm 19 and I was fired from my job a week ago and still haven't told my parents. The reason is because i worked here for 2 months, before this job i worked somewhere else but I got fired aswell (a person who left the job came back and the boss wanted him instead of me). Im scared of telling this to my parents simply because this happened twice in half a year.   
My dad is very strict and he wont will be mad for a long time, my mom on the other hand would understand. I don't even know how to tell them, I've been afraid for the past week. I want to tell them and get this pain and stress out of myself, but I'm scared of what it is to come. What should I do?
----
Post ID: 7362
I have an interview with the VP and I am freaking out
The first interview was a panel interview with like 8 people. They took turns nailing me and asking me very specific questions for a social media manager role. The only reason I passed this interview was because I had a cheat sheet with possible interview questions and answers that I basically read off of. I certainly didn’t lie about any of my experiences, but I did exaggerate when it comes to how much I know.

The second phase was an assessment phase where I was given a project to complete. I completed  social media video, created some infographics and designs, and typed up a social media marketing plan with some help from AI.

I made it through that phase also and now I’m faced with an interview with the VP of the student health department at the university. I’m freaking out because I exaggerated my skills during the first two phases and I’m afraid she may go in depth and ask me some questions I’m not prepared for.

I’m the creative type and I’ve always been a writer by nature. I know I can do the job. But when you start asking me technical marketing-related questions, I’m totally lost. I’m afraid she may nail me with some questions that might completely stump me.

In your experience, what kinds of questions are asked during an interview with a VP?
----
Post ID: 7508
Accidentally took home important signed paper work first day at new job. URGENT pls advise on how to handle this
First day at the new job and there was a big group of us starting today. There was a packet given to us and we were repeatedly told to not take the paper work home with us that we signed because it was for them. I didnt sleep well last night screwed up and took the paper work home with me. They called to ask where it was and if i took it home, i panicked and said I didnt have it with me but I noticed it in my bag. They told me to fax over the papers if i find it.. my question is- will it look really really bad if i told them i accidentally took home the paper work if they repeatedly told all of us not to take it home OR shoul i play it off like i have no idea what happened and it somehow disappeared and i left it on the desk but have no idea what happened to it? will they obviously know it was me who screwed up and should i just own up to and scan over the papers immediately?
----
Post ID: 7518
Have you ever taken a mental health day? 
I've never taken a mental health day or a day off when I wasn't sick but I think I need to soon because I'm so fucking depressed about my job. Everyone at my job hates me and thinks I'm weird. My boss disrespects me every chance she gets and I need a day away from it that isn't the weekend. I haven't taken a day off for any reason since I started this job. 

Have you ever taken a mental health day? What exactly do you tell your coworkers/boss? 
----
Post ID: 7539
how do I keep my job while temporarily staying at a psychiatric care unit?
 I NEED to go it's not an option for me anymore. I just started this new job while my mental health has been bad for a while, but something happened that made me hit a breaking point. It gets in the way of work and I no longer trust myself to even be alone because I will likely hurt myself if not more. I want to seek professional help, but I need the security of knowing i'll have an immediate way to start making money again when I get out.
----
Post ID: 7542
I’m on the verge of failing my probationary period

I feel like shit today I have temperature of 39 °C. My throats all swollen with white patches but I’m stuck at work. If I call in sick once more I’ll be let go. I’ve called in twice so far with a stomach bug as well as a few other staff members. I was vomiting and they were the ones that made me stay off for 2 days as they have a 48hr policy after the last instance of vomiting. 

Im so annoyed companies don’t even let you be ill anymore. For gods sake I recovered from Covid 19 the weekend before starting the new job. I wanted to postpone my start date for another week but they were insistent as long as I was negative I came in and I signed a contract with my start date already. They were desperate for staff and I was concerned they would rescind the offer. 

My immune systems not at its best currently.I understand that calling in sick 3 times within the first 2 weeks isn’t great but if I’m genuinely what am I supposed to do. We work with children and staff members are prone to catching bugs or illness.
----
Post ID: 7563
I have a meeting with boss and HR. I hope I get fired
What will likely happen?

Been at my company for a year (very very large company with old school culture) I have been bullied by the head of our department since the first 5 min when he told me, “I’m keeping my eye on you, I fired the last guy and I waited too long. I won’t make that mistake with you.” Then he told me he is known for firing people.

It was more of this, being called stupid for reaching out to legal about a compliance question. Called stupid a few more times. Ignored when speaking in meetings. Not invited to meetings. Anything I am very good at I get criticized for and the work is given to others. The whole experience has been very isolating and emotionally damaging. All work gets taken away from me.

A month ago I have to file for intermittent FMLA to care for my sick father. Ever since then the micromanaging has started.
Today my boss calls me randomly and starts telling me about my poor performance. Then tells me that I have to start coming into the office every day. I clarify that I am the only one on the team being asked to do so. All 3 of the performance points he made were a huge stretch. Told me that my performance has been bad since I started according to old boss and another manager on the team. Up to this point no one has ever mentioned anything to me. I was able to prove all points on performance we flat out lies.

I call my lawyer and am told to write an email to boss recapping the meeting and bcc a copy to my personal email. Essentially creating a paper trail. About an hour later I get a reply with HR, my boss, and the department head cc’d. the email says, “Nevermind about coming into the office. We can talk more during your 1x1 tomorrow.

I talk to my lawyer again, and he wants me to follow up with a second email stating the points made and how they are incorrect. And then to question the retraction from the earlier email. And last, I was told to include a bit about feeling like this is retaliation for my FMLA. Again, more paper trail.

I get an email this morning stating not to have the 1x1 and that I am having a meeting Friday with my Boss, department head, and HR to work through the performance complaint and find a way to help me get back on track. I’m not off track.  

I reply again, stating that I welcome the opportunity to speak openly, but I want to ensure that the harassment stops. HR replied and removed all other contacts asking for specifics. I declined to say more as all the content of my emails should be enough to support my claims. I also can’t say too much or talk about harassment outside of the FMLA timeline.

Anyway, shitty day. What should I expect from all this. Anxiety and depression Have been bad for a while. Looking for a new job obviously. But I just don’t know what Friday is going to look like. Am I getting fired or…?
----
Post ID: 7570
Crazy hours but I'm the only one who's burned out
First of all, sorry for my English, it's not my first language.

I started this job a few months ago, it's my first job after university (I worked various jobs before and durint university, both part time and full time).

It's been good for the most part, the work is interesting and I'm paid very well so I can't complain about that. 

The first problem is that I often get thrown into projects that have been going on for years with little to no guidance on what to do. Sometimes I'm completely left to my own devices and I have no one to ask for help, because my colleagues often have even less of a clue than I do.

So I've been a little overworked, and I keep spending my free time just trying to figure out what's going on to prepare for meetings, presentations, etc where I pray to God I won't be asked to give my input because most of the time I have zero idea what's going on.

But the main issue is the shifts. I often have to travel for work (which I don't mind at all, it's actually one of the reasons why I chose this job), and the shifts are just unsustainable for me. Whenever we travel for work we have 12h shifts with no days off (so no weekends or holidays off) and this could be anywhere from 3 to 30 days (possibly more). And when we come back, it's straight to the office with no obody warned me about this, I found out during my first work trip so it was a bit "traumatic" so to speak.

Apparently no one in this company thinks it's weird. During my last work trip I had a bit of a mental breakdown (also due to some personal issues which were exacerbated by the long hours and having to stay on site 24h a day) and I spoke to my boss, who was quite understanding and offered to give me a few days off, no questions asked. But the thing is, he was surprised to heat that I was stressed and couldn't fathom that it might be because of work. 

After speaking with my colleagues (who all have at least a few years' experience in this company) this seems like a common sentiment, nobody finds it even the slightest bit weird which might explain why they didn't feel the need to mention it to me beforehand.

I feel like I'm taking crazy pills, because after being in this company for 3 months I'm finding myself at my wits' end and having to take xanax to control my stress and anxiety. When I came back from my trip I was so out of it that I could barely function mentally, I couldn't remember basic things or understand when people talked to me. To give you an example, when I got to my hometown airport (which I've been to countless times) I got lost and couldn't even find my way to the train station. I felt completely lost as if I'd never even been there, I didn't have the mental capacity to even follow directions so I ended up taking a taxi to go home.

I'm really torn on what to do at the moment. I really like this job but I feel like the stress is getting to be too much and I don't know how to handle it. Xanax has helped, but those among you who have tried it know it's not a permanent solution and I'm running out of ideas.

Am I exaggerating? What can I do this at this point?


Sorry if the rant seems a bit confused but I'm having serious trouble concentrating at the monent



------------------------------- r/jobs Fear/Anxiety -------------------------------

----
Post ID: 7600
I was informed that my job was eliminated yesterday. Today is my last day.
Well. This stinks. Prior to my current job as a talent advisor supervisor - I was unemployed for 5 years. This employer took a chance on me due to my work history prior to my large gap and I ROCKED at this position. My one year was next month.. but I work(ed) in manufacturing, but, with the downturn in the economy..my job was eliminated. 
       
Today doesn’t feel real and my heart feels like it’s going to jump out of my throat.
        
Is anyone else in the same boat? I’ve never had a job where it was straight up eliminated. Does anyone have any advice? I do have a severance package, would this affect unemployment if I were to apply? God, everything feels like it’s spinning right now. 
----
Post ID: 7688
2nd day at job
I think my first day was great, the bosses and people seemed surprised at how I learned the ropes of things. Probably. But now I dread the second, thinking maybe they assume I'm already knowledgeable about all of it.

Basically, a server who doesn't know jack about food names or how to make them.

I've forgotten most things since yesterday and honestly feel like quitting.

Am I overreacting? Is a second day basically like the first?
----
Post ID: 7728
I'm starting my first job
I'm starting my first job tomorrow, and I'm so scared I will mess everything up and disappoint everyone.  Also, I'm starting my sophomore year in 3 weeks, and I don't know how should I manage to do everything. I'm scared as hell and need an advice
----
Post ID: 7741
Is anyone else terrified?
I have a pretty stable job as a vet tech I've been at for a year now next month. I don't have any other marketable skills than vet nursing, so I'll be heading back to college in August. I'm afraid to ask my job to reduce my hours, I fear they'll just fire me and find someone else who can do full time. I feel I either talk to people who think going to college now is nonlucrative who just got really lucky in life, or people who say good luck finding liveable wages if you don't have at least a masters. The reason I'm still choosing to go back to college without really knowing if it will promise a job in the future is because the alternative is just being stagnant in a field i don't want to be in forever without anything to fall back on. I know in the end connections are the biggest thing I can do to find opportunity, but I told my brother who said he has found more opportunity in knowing people than an education that just because you're friends with someone who works with NASA that doesn't mean you'll get a job there with no education in higher level math. 
----
Post ID: 8017
Nervous about background check
Hi everyone, I recently got an entry level job offer for a large company. They will be doing the background check with a 3rd party and I’m nervous because in my freshman year of college, I accepted an offer for an internship and then backed out. I didn’t list this on my resume or anything, but I’m still extremely nervous that they’re going to see I backed out of an internship offer I had accepted. For anyone here who knows about background checks, do you think they’ll be able to see this?
----
Post ID: 8036
Just another day at work
Im an empty room a girl is crying. The lights are off and a window is open from where sounds of traffic rush in. Its late 9pm and she is crying uncontrollably.

An hour ago was her dance class and she didnt go. She was on a phone call with a friend and the tone of that conversation appeared dead serious.

She keeps the call because the friend doesnt have battery in his cell. She isnt ready to face anything alone. She breaks down into tears as soon as the line cuts.

A girl in her mid twenties worried to death that someone is out to get her. Someone is threatening her survival, her very existance as a person is questionable now after what happened in that board meeting.

She has not eaten whole day. She is worried about an opinion about her work which she held so dear to her that she called it her baby.

She is confident that she doesnt want to work with these people. After such a bad review she feels the worst had gone but this is second such attack on her crediblity and she wonders whats wrong with her out of all people , why she is the one failing alone while others have been promoted.

Why is she wasting her important life into caring about what someone thinks of her work. Why is she staying at such a toxic place? When she can be more productive without the drama. Why as a woman does she not stand up to those men in white collars?
----
Post ID: 8054
Anxious at a job I've been in for nearly 2 years
Hi all, I've been working in a lab for almost wo years and I'm consistently anxious over little things all the time. It always the little things that get me and I've started working on a new project that is very time sensitive in something I've had little experience in. 
Colleagues happily complain about me to my boss all the time and it's starting to make me doubt everything I do at work. I keep second guessing myself all the time. 
I've had to write a few non conformances because I keep making little errors all the time. I just feel like everything is overwhelming me and I don't know why it's happened all of a sudden.
The worst part of the whole thing is I don't feel confident talking to my manager about it, as I'm convinced most of this is all in my head and nothing will change. Is there any advice to give or is it time I looked for a new job? However, I don't want to change jobs as I'm scared I'll be in this position again.
----
Post ID: 8064
Is this normal?
I just started my first “real” job out of college. Yesterday was my first day. There was SO much information at orientation that I feel so overwhelmed and anxious. I don’t think I retained any of the information. On top of that, meeting tons of new people was super difficult. I ended up getting an intense migraine and when I got off work I had to go to sleep for the majority of the evening. I was hungry (I didn’t eat all day) but I couldn’t even eat my food that I bought because I felt like I was going to throw up every time I took a bite. 

It seems like an AWESOME job and I do not want to quit. It’s just so overwhelming and I will have a lot of responsibility. The thought that 8-4 every day is my future is also making me really nervous. 

Are these feelings normal after the first day at a job?
----
Post ID: 8076
How to Tell My Boss I'm Overwhelmed?
Pretty much in the title. Helpful, compassionate insight is appreciated. I'm really struggling.

Lateraled to a new office 6 months ago. My new office is much faster paced and does more complicated work than my old office, which was slower paced and in a more remote location. I wasn't previously trained how to handle more complicated projects. I've been very up front about my capabilities and what sort of projects I've done in my prior office. New office pays better and is in a dream location (for me).

I'm being treated as a lateral with 3 years of experience, so my new office has piled on numerous complex projects for me to personally head up. 

I feel overwhelmed and WAY out of my depth here. Every week, 2 or 3 new complex issues pop up that I have to spend most of my time dealing with, to the detriment of actually moving my projects forward. This is also a faster-paced environment with very stressful deadlines set that are difficult to move or navigate around.

I feel like I'm barely treading water and I fear going into work now. The urge to call out or stay home every day is intense. How do I let my supervisor know that I am at capacity and struggling with the complexity without seeming like I can't handle my workload and am not capable? 

I came here to learn but I think the office was just so happy to have an "experienced" worker that they dumped a load of complicated projects onto me without thinking about how I'd need time to learn how to work in a new environment with new procedures and get comfortable doing more complex projects. But this is just too much at once.
----
Post ID: 8077
New job anxiety?
I just completed my first month at my first job out of university, and I expected to make mistakes - after all, I'm new and learning. 

I feel far from confident doing my job. When my team gives me feedback about what I can improve (they are all very nice about it), I can't help but feel slightly discouraged and lowkey paranoid they will fire me over a small mistake I made in my first week. They likely wouldn't. But I'm kinda anxious about it. 

Nobody's told me that I am terrible at my job. I've had a few positive comments, but still I feel paranoid over getting chucked over the tiniest things :(  It's definitely not them, it's a me-issue.

I really want to do a good job, and minimise my mistakes. I know they will happen - but how do you guys not lose sleep over tiny/or not so tiny mistakes at work?

Edit:  Thanks so much everyone, I'll try cut myself some slack and shift my focus on improving! I don't think anyone is really out to get me - just my thoughts.
----
Post ID: 8512
Want to start everything from scratch.
Hi everybody, sorry for the big paragraph.

I joined IT in 2021 as a [Kore.AI](http://Kore.AI) chatbot developer. I was working in a project and after the project ended, I had a terrible car accident. After the accident it took me around 4-5 months to recover completely and I started looking for opportunities. Finally, I started working as a Capacity Engineer in the same company(different project). Currently in 2025, I am looking for opportunities in Cloud. I am learning GCP and want to pursue that.

Turning the clock back to 2020.   
I started having symptoms of tachycardia(high heart rate), shortness of breath, dizziness and muscle contraction. At that time doctors said that I have a mental disorder called Anxiety Disorder and I started taking medicines and started CBT. In June last year 2024, I had the worst panic arrack of my life and turned out that the symptoms I was having since 2020 was PSVT due to AVNRT(a heart condition). Anxiety Disorder was a misdiagnose. Now I am struggling with the episodes of PSVT and I am also trying my best to stay in IT. I am learning GCP as I mentioned earlier, and I also have started applying for jobs. I am scared that nobody will hire me since I have three years of IT experience but not having any experience in GCP. My question is that even tho I have 3 YOE, I want to start everything from scratch so can I join company as a fresher again?  Sould I start applying for fresher level jobs? I don't care about the money, I just need exposure. Can anybody provide some information regarding that?

Thanks in advance. 


----
Post ID: 8557
Will sit for Software Engineer Job Interview. As the first time, Give me some suggestions
Hi

I gonna sit for a remote job interview on 28th june. It's a React Native Developer job.

It's my first time so I am kinda nervous. Also, they haven’t specified if it will be a technical interview or a general one. So, I am confused how should I prepare. What should I expect? Give me some suggestions guys 😬
----
Post ID: 8576
Interviewing for a job I feel under-qualified for?
I’ve been working as an account coordinator for a little under a year now. I’m on track to be promoted to account manager in the next few months at my current company. I currently make around $50,000 and this would be a bump up to $70,000. 

A recruiter from my company’s direct rival sought me out and emailed me and interviewed me for an account manager role. They are known to try to poach people from my current company. She said the base pay was $100,000 with bonuses up to an additional $30,000 per year. Basically, offering to double my current salary. 

I made it to the second round interview for next week. I’m really excited and would absolutely take the offer, but I’m a little nervous because I feel under-qualified. I feel like I could do the job of account manager, but it is a big step up in responsibility. 

How do I get over these feelings when I interview?
----
Post ID: 8583
Background check question! How long? Criminal vs education vs employment?
Hello! I recently received an offer for a position that includes a relocation timeline (meaning I have to move to the city they want me to work in by July). This company uses A-Check Global to run their background checks I guess, and I started the process last Friday the 18th.

Also, I realized after the fact that my education history is wrong on my resume and says I graduated in 2008 when I really went back to school and graduated in 2014. My LinkedIn is correct which was provided to the recruiters. My employment history is all correct, I’ve never been fired from a position, so not worried at all there but super worried about the education mishap. 

This has obviously made me insanely anxious, and my anxiety is through the roof. Since the recruiter told me they only do criminal checks should I be worried? Should I bring it up if they ask? I’m not a liar so I’m super irritated for not fixing this mistake on my resume, but I also don’t want to jump the gun and tell them and seem like I don’t pay attention to details.. 

A degree also isn’t required for this position, only a high school diploma, but it is in the 90k range. Should I be worried? What do I do? I haven’t looked for a job in almost a decade so this whole process has me on edge. 

Also I had messaged the manager and asked for an update if anything cleared yesterday morning and radio silence.. would it be too prudent to email the recruiter for an update? I have to change my resignation date at my old job if it takes up to two weeks..
----
Post ID: 8597
Boss wants me to attend a big presentation instead of him, upper management and other coworker going to the presentation is looking down on me
Hi, i just need to hear your thoughts.  My boss have a important event to go with his family on that day and can't attend the presentation.  His boss, the CFO, and the director of business Development are both going also, now the problem is these two old people are looking down on me. I know it because I confirmed with my boss if the CFO is okay with me going instead of him, and i also asked whats their reaction, and my boss can't look me in the eye when he said "well he can't do anything about it. I really need to go somewhere on that day" and then we have more conversation but my boss can't answer straight, which affirms my confirmation 

At the end my boss said, without answering my question, that it's okay. That they does that to him too, that they hound on him when he does presentation and questions everything he says.  But that's not true, I saw how they treat him with respect. So i know the reaction wasn't positive 

Now I'm getting anxious because I will have to  present in front of the crowd, worrying what if I made a mistake, and if I do, they will surely complain to my boss. I already know they don't think highly of me before (I'm a señior developer) but now, I got validation that they do think I'm still "green" in their eyes, its making me anxious and very insecure.

Does propranolol works for presentation anxiety?? I know what I'm doing and presenting, but I tend to get anxious whenever I worry about the "what ifs". I also think this is a great experience so I really want to do it also.

Need advice. I really think a medicine is needed but anyone on the same boat?? Thank you
----
Post ID: 8598
How to stay calm
I’ve got an interview Tuesday and while confident in my skill set, I get what I feel is very nervous and tongue tied at an interview.  Any tips on how to calm myself?
----
Post ID: 8631
How to or should I even convey an employment gap due to health?
So summer 2023 I started getting sick until I was hospitalized in November 2023 and it took until mid-March 2024 to feel better enough to start looking for a job. I was not employed before then.

Some recruiters I've spoken to asked if I continued my education or anything but I was so weak back then, I was sleeping 14-16 hours a day. I feel this is very difficult to convey on a resume and job application so I was wondering how to do this? I made a new resume with an About Me section so is it worth putting a mention of something like "seeking to continue employment after absence due to personal reasons that have been addressed"? I'm hearing mixed reactions, some are saying it might deter employers due to being a potential liability.

I've only had one interview this year and I did tell them about the gap being due to illness but that job has yet to respond with either a rejection or offer (they previously sent a rejection but the recruiter submitted me for a new opening). For the record, my prognosis has been great and the main issue right now is I get tired easily.
----
Post ID: 8662
Made a mistake at work how do i deal with worry over getting yelled and hated and shit talked for it
I did a mistake which resulted in another part of production to have to esencially fix my mistakes i know i'm the cause of it because i was the only one other than other one person doing the job and she has been there longer than i have.
I have a boss who really yells a lot and yells for even little mistakes and company has a lot of women who love shit talking while i wish that stuff like that don't hurt me i know i care when people shit talk.
How do i deal with this i feel awful i wanna kms.
I have been there for 5 months and i feel like i should know better.
Sorry for my bad English.
----
Post ID: 8677
Can someone help me out on this? 
Guys i'm a bit anxious and if anyone can help me? I'm going through pre-employment checks and i've been taken to health and safety NSW pathology because on my health form as i had ticked for a knee problem and they've allocated me to see a physiotherapist this Thursday which they've paid for. I am completely fine and can work but i just thought that i was supposed to disclose the information incase but, i'm worried now if i should have just not said anything as i'm fine to work.
----
Post ID: 8753
First job, now anxious
I'm a first year college student and I got accepted to work at retail Store in my local mall. This is my first time having a job. I never had a job before so I'm really anxious about it because Im scared of making mistakes. Any tips to survive the first day?
----
Post ID: 8773
Am I going to get fired?
I graduated last year and started working in a big FMCG. I have been here for 3 months and I entered with no experience in this industry( degree is completely unrelated).

When I started my manager was communicative and would schedule a weekly 1:1 where he would assign me tasks and ask me how I am progressing. These sessions were really beneficial as it gave me alot of direction. Recently though he has stopped scheduling 1:1 sessions and when I ask him he is always busy. He did mention we would stop having these sessions as it takes alot of his time and he will begin treating me as one of the experienced workers who update him for 10 min in the teams meeting. This makes sense and I have been doing this( still dislike it as I now have little guidance and I am basically just winging it with many of my tasks)

But this isn't my main concern - for the past few weeks whenever I text him in the teams chat he doesnt reply to my questions( all work related). If I whatsapp him to either ask advice or update him on a project he doesn't reply. In the rare instance when he does relpy its like he didn't even care to read my message and gives five word answers. 

Compared to my colleagues who have 5+ years experience I feel really incompetent as I don't know what to do and I need assistance. My colleagues do assist but barely( doesn't help that we work virtually).  Currently I need to do some tasks and I don't have access to our system database because IT hasn't granted me access yet. I need to finish these tasks ASAP or I miss the deadline. My manager is completely non-responsive regarding this and doesn't care about this issue I am facing.

I am starting to think that his non-responsiveness is because he thinks I am a liability and wants to let me go. It could be that he is really busy and under pressure but a simple " Thank you for updating me or yes I believe that is the right decision" is not too much to ask for.

I am a permanent employee so it would be hard for them to fire me but I don't think that its entirely impossible to do so at this stage,
----
Post ID: 8826
Suggestions on where to go with a math degree?
I'll try not to ramble too much, but essentially I have been extremely anxious about my future recently, I am a math major at a pretty good university, and this is my senior year. I really have no idea where to go from here. The problem is, in all honesty I would rather kill myself than do something like working at a desk for 40 hours a week. Even if I can make good money I really just don't think I would be able to do that without being absolutely miserable. I feel like I have backed myself into a corner here by choosing this major, but now I have no idea what to do and it is starting to eat away at me. Does anybody happen to have any slight ideas of things that I could look into that could maybe save me from being miserable the rest of my life, or are just about all the jobs for math degrees kind of like that. Should I post this somewhere else for different answers too?
----
Post ID: 8846
Im scared I just go scammed
I (M16) just went to an interview with my cousin (M15). We talked about our positions and everything was going smoothly. Then he asked for identification, so I handed my state permit which he said was good. Then my cousin handed his passport & SSN. Bossman told me that I need my social security, so since I didn’t bring it, he told me to send him a picture. So I went home and thought about the risk. But I was thinking he can “only” rule my credit score and stuff. So I sent him a picture. Thats when I got scared. I searched it up to see if it was normal, but turns out people say this is a scam if they ask you to send over text. Am I done for? No one in my family knows I sent it. But they know about the “Job”. I start training tomorrow. Hopefully, he will listen when I ask him to delete the picture on his side of the text.
----
Post ID: 8876
Had seemingly good interview, until end I froze up on the questions to ask them
So haven’t had a formal interview in several years . This is with a massive company that would be great entry level career change position for me. Interview was STAR format , did better than I thought I would with it , but still mad annoyed about more that I wanted to say but didn’t due to nerves and such . Then at the end when they asked if I had any questions ( the easiest part) I froze up a bit looked down at my notes ( for the first time ) and asked 2 generic questions that I basically already knew the answer to as a I knew a ton about the position/ culture/ department ( including a day of shadowing) . So with me not asking great questions or enough could that Ruin it for me ? I want This job so bad and I’m just obsessing/super anxious about it all.
----
Post ID: 8888
I have date discrepancies on my employment background check. I need some guidance. Thanks.
I've received an offer for a job that I'm really excited about, but I made a mistake. I have a one-year gap from my previous employer. I've had such a hard time getting a job that I twisted the truth on my resume. Instead of saying I worked from 2021-2023, I put 2021-2024 on my resume and background check. I know lying is unethical, but I have been desperate for work. After the background check, I called the background check company (not the employer) to contirm the dates, and my results didn't show any discrepancies, but the dates didn't match. I reached out to HR to call out my mistake. They contacted me to confirm the dates today, and I haven't reached out since. They haven't revoked my offer yet. Am I finished? I need some advice. Hard lesson. Thanks.
----
Post ID: 8921
I have an excel assessment as part of my next round of interviews and I'm nervous.
My buddy just got hired at a company, he had 2 interviews over the phone and then was offered the job. I applied for a very similar position, but in a different department. I had my first interview today and it went fine, but I discovered my next interview will be in person, and I'll have an Excel assessment I need to do in one of their offices. And then I'll have a 3rd interview. Small vent, but this process is more intense then his and paying $10,000 less. I'm disappointed to say the least, but this market is horrible and I think I need to just accept whatever I can get.

Onto the main question. I'm panicking about this excel assessment. It's for an analyst position. My last position was an analyst, and I was always able to complete my job within deadlines. But I'm still at a point in my career where I trial and error things a bit, make mistakes on formulas that need to be adjusted, etc. I catch my own mistakes and never needed to be corrected by a supervisor unless they were just asking me to add more or adjust some things for their own preferences. 

So I have this Excel test, I'm assuming I can't Google things if I get confused while I'm doing the test. Idk what will be on the test other than earlier in the interview being asked if I know how to use vLookup, sum, if, and, index, match, or, countifs, etc. So I'm assuming it's just going to be typical data assessment. Stuff I know I can do if given time. But I have less than an hour and someone is going to be watching me do it. I'm confident I can do the job, but not confident I can pass this assessment in under an hour when I have no idea what the data will look like ahead of time or what they will be asking of me. 

How can I best prepare for this? I found YouTube videos for preparing for interview assessment tests, so I'll like do those, but what else is there? 

The interview is in 4 days. 

TLDR; I have an excel assessment for a potential job. I'm nervous about it. I am familiar with data analytics from my prior job and think I could complete it in a less stressful situation. I still am early in my career, have some trial & error when working, and am not confident I am prepared to pass it within the given time frame while someone watches me do it. Looking for advice to prepare.
----
Post ID: 8932
Is it ok to call in sick to work 2 days in a row
Hi everyone. 2 days ago I tested positive for Covid and I’m really sick with it, all the usual symptoms. I called In sick to work today and my manager coukd not have been nicer about it. I still feel like shit but I’ve had a look at my emails and seems like a lot is going on and I feel bad leaving her there on my own as it’s just her and me (we have other team members but in diff areas). Now I have covered for her in periods of holidays and sickness but does it look bad saying I can’t come in for the 2nd day in a row like I’m afraid she’ll be pissed off snd annoyef at me and think I’m lying. I know it’s prop irrational and I should look after myself but wondering if anyone had thoughts? Thanks.
----
Post ID: 8972
Got kicked out from the job today
I am lost , upset and this is causing anxiety now
----
Post ID: 8973
[USA][MA] Performance Improvement Plan - Quit? Need guidance
 

Have worked in a company for a decade. Few days before ThanksGiving break, my manager and HR pulled me aside and had a meeting with me and told me that I am being put on a Performance Improvement Plan (PIP). They walked me through their side as to why and what my next steps are. I did not agree with anything mentioned.

They asked me to sign the PIP plan. I have not yet signed it and sent back.

Question is - If I quit without signing the PIP, does it mean I am not on the PIP? Will that be brought up if a background check happens from the new employer? What are somethings I need to be careful (apart from whats mentioned in the wiki)

Please share your guidance.

PS: I am actively looking for a job, with a few interviews lined up. I feel my manager is trying to get rid of me due to some personal grudges he has against me. Its best to quit when I have a new job, but, I really don't have the energy to deal with my manager. I do have some savings I can get through for a couple months. No, my spouse's employer does not offer health insurance - So, I plan to stick around using CORBA or similar for now
----
Post ID: 8975
Am I going to get let go?
I’m a freelancer that works for clients making content for their businesses. One of which has me post directly to their social media accounts.

The other day the client asked me to upload all the videos I’ve made for them into a file and send it to them.

This is coming after the last two months of them paying half of what we started (with me cutting down the amount of content I was creating).

Does this seem like they’re preparing to let me go?
----
Post ID: 9029
Delayed offer letter from verbal offer. Is 6+ weeks normal?
Hi, I just got a new grad front office role at a decently-sized bank in the US and I'm super excited! I got the verbal offer and background check cleared pretty quickly, but I've been waiting \~4 wks now for the offer letter. I was initially told that the letter should take \~1-2 weeks, but it keeps getting delayed. I was told there are a few more approvals needed, which would take a few more weeks.

Is this normal? What could cause the delay? I'm really scared that my offer would be rescinded / they're just waiting for me to back out myself. What are your thoughts? Any would be appreciated, thank you in advance!
----
Post ID: 9034
What should my next steps be/how do I find a good paying office job?
I got a marketing degree back in 2007 but I couldn't even get an interview in marketing. I got interviews in sales but never was offered a sales job. I have done warehouse and a variety of other low skill jobs since then. I am tired of manual labor. I want an office job. I have tried going to staffing agencies and they always want to place me in warehouse jobs. What are some jobs that will take someone with a bachelor's degree in any field , not a specific one. It's probably too late for me to get into marketing so please let me know of other jobs I could get with my degree that's not marketing. 

I am currently suspended from my current job and I think they will fire me soon (it's a long story) . I worry that it will be hard as fuck in this economy to get anything decent. I am nervous. 
----
Post ID: 9035
too much time off right away ?
i got hired at this place that i think ill rlly love, only issue is i had a planned vacation dec 12-14 and they want me to start dec 11. we worked it out and agreed id come monday and friday but then i got smacked with a jury duty summons for the week of dec 18th

not to mention my sister’s getting married out of state january 12-15 and im a bridesmaid. 

i dont wanna be let go but im nervous if this is too much right at the start. i’ve never had this happen when i start somewhere new 

any advice/tips ?
----
Post ID: 9041
My job is giving me anxiety
Everyone is so mean here. I started this job a little over four months ago and came from simply the most amazing company culture. Imagine if your boss actually had your back, coworkers were always willing to support you, you never got thrown under the bus, WLB was a thing, etc. That was my company. 

But I was significantly underpaid for my work, and the career advancement opportunities I was looking for weren’t available. So I took this job - perfectly aligned as my next step career-wise, salary was great, very stable, and lots of room for growth. And it’s legit horrible. 

My coworkers are mean and rude. I got zero training and everyone I’ve reached out to for questions either (A) doesn’t respond or (B) berates me for not knowing this already. Or (C) my favorite - berates me for not contacting the person I had contacted in (A), even though I tried and didn’t get a response after a few days and multiple follow ups. And that’s been true since I started, so it’s not a matter of not meeting standard expectations for where I should be. Literally my first week I reached out about where to find a document and got chewed out for not knowing where it was. 

I’m terrified of actually making a mistake. Even a small one. I just sent an email to group A when I needed to send it to group A + someone else I’ve never contacted and no one ever told me I should contact about this issue, and I got a snarky email from a coworker about it. Last week my boss was in charge of sending out a time sensitive update to our team that I had previously been responsible for. When they missed the deadline I reached out about it and basically got chewed out - told I’m not doing my job effectively, that it’s in my inbox, I’m not being observant enough, etc. Well …. they sent it to the wrong list-serve. Me and the only other person who needed it weren’t on that list-serve so didn’t receive it. And when I pointed this out (very politely) I got nothing. No apology, no thanks for letting me know, nada. Just an “Oh.” 

I need to stay here for at least a year before I move, but I am having so much trouble. Honestly thinking about going back to therapy to try and manage the anxiety better, and am trying to get onto a better sleep and workout schedule. But any advice for dealing with just crappy work people and the anxiety that comes from it is appreciated.
----
Post ID: 9048
Essential Worker Getting to Work in Snow Storm?
I work in the field of mental health in a group home. I am an essential worker. No matter the weather, I am supposed to go to my job. 99% of the time there is no issue with getting to work. An interesting "perfect storm" is brewing that will make it hard for me in heavy snow to get to work. I am seeking advice.

A few details.

I live in Central Maine where we can get heavy snow, sometimes a foot or more in one night. Snow commonly starts a few hours after sunset when the temperature drops below freezing. My shift starts at 7am and I live an hour away. Getting 6 inches or more of snow at 5am is not uncommon. Waking up early, say, at 5am or 6am is no big deal. Cleaning off my car and snow blowing my driveway is no issue, but there is another snag...I live a 1/2 mile down a Town Road, owned and plowed by the town. The plow truck often does not come and plow the road until noon after all the snow falls. This greatly impacts my ability to go to work on time because I have go through the 1/2 mile Town Road to get to work.  If a foot of snow falls in one night, how am I reasonably expected to get thorough a unplowed road to get to work? Would it be reasonable, safe, fair for employers to ask me to drive through a foot of snow to get to work because the town is not prompt with their plowing for people working early morning jobs?
----
Post ID: 9050
Did I mess up by mentioning my condition during an interview?
I have bad hypertension and I wanted a job where I'm moving around and not be sitting all day like my previous job. I was contacted by one of the jobs I applied via phone and he set up and interview.

I thought that wouldn't matter because it won't stop me from doing my job...but I think me saying that made him decide to not hire. His attitude was the same through the interview but when I said that he strangely repeated what I said like a question. He said I would hear back two days ago and to call if he didn't call me first. I did on two different occasions but he isnt picking up.

This is actually the first time in my life where a retail job has not haired me on the spot *or* not contacted me by the day they said they would.
----
Post ID: 9098
Updating LinkedIn while employed a red flag ?
Not sure if this is the right sub Reddit to post this however I have been burnt out at my job for a while now. Never updated my LinkedIn since working at this job I have now. My fear is if I put my company name and up date it  my boss and co workers start seeing me on there all updated they tried to find me before but could not. do you think they will fire me / lay me off ? I’m scared of losing this job because of the money but I wanna make a move and I know this job market is hell right now. Am I just being paranoid? 
----
Post ID: 9158
Did I ruin my chances of being a candidate?
Hi there.

I was recently asked for references. One is a solid reference from someone I do contract work for, the other is my professor. I let them know that my professor is busy with deadlines but is aware of the application and is in the process of writing me a reference letter, which I still haven't received unfortunately...

I was just trying to be honest and respond in a timely manner, but in hindsight I feel like this sounds unprepared or like an excuse.

I'm stressed out because this opportunity fits me well and I felt I did really well on the interviews. I pay close attention to minor details and I struggled between mentioning it or not for over 2 hours. I asked for an opinion from everyone I know and they said to include it, but they aren't experts in hiring or anything...

I haven't heard back for a few days now.. I'm going to get in touch with my references tomorrow to see if they were contacted..

What are the odds that I ruined my chances by providing the statement that my reference is busy? I just wanted to be transparent, but now I'm stressed out about it ruining my odds by sounding unprepared...

Would this be a make or break the decision making? Would they appreciate the honesty or disqualify me based on my references not being 100% ready? At the time, I was leaning more toward them understanding that my references have a life of their own and are busy. Now I feel like I should've just left contact info without any additional speil and left it up to them...

Just looking for peace of mind at this point, be brutally honest.
----
Post ID: 9256
Am I getting scammed ?
Reposting because I originally wrote this at 2 am and it probably got pushed down the feed

Hi this is one of my first posts on Reddit, really need some help with this one. I got a call about a job offer for a front desk attendant in a residential building in nyc. Apparently I need an osha license which is 150$. Guy I spoke to over the phone told me i should bring 150$ with me to get the osha training (which they also offer in the same building on a different floor) in the case that the interview goes well and I get the job. I didn’t get an email only a phone call and a follow up text message with the information about the location for the interview which is at 11am today, I’m new in the job market so I don’t know if I’m about to get scammed or not any feed back would be super helpful ! Also I can’t seem to find where I applied for the job but I wouldn’t remember if i did as I am desperately applying for any job I see with an open position. The location and name of the hiring agency is

*Main Office: HCR Management
104 West 40th St.  New York, New York. Between 6th & 7th Ave  5th FL (Suite 507)*
----
Post ID: 9257
Ran into weird problem with my job today.
So, I recently started to contract with Aerotek, a recruiting company, and they’ve gotten me a position working at an AMBU facility up in Noblesville, making medical equipment. 

Today, when I went to take my lunch, one of the managers went up to me and told me that Aerotek had contacted them, and they wanted me to go home today and that they would call me at 4 PM. I was initially worried that they were going to fire me, but I calmed down and did what the manager said. 4 PM rolls around, and I get no call. That starts to worry me, and I tried to contact my recruiter and other people at Aerotek.

I’m already on thin ice with my parents, and I don’t want to piss them off by telling them I lost another job. Has anyone else had these kind of experiences with Aerotek before?
----
Post ID: 9271
Got a job offer, but don't know if it's a a scam or not.
Got a job offer that seems very generous, ($3,000 per month while part time remote position).  For part of the application process they're asking for a selfie of me holding my photo ID and a photo of utility bill after we finished the phone interview.  No other job I applied to asked for that specifically so got worried.

Also can't seem to find much about them.  I looked up the name, but it seems different from the site they gave me.

Edit: And now they're also asking me to make a Zelle account and enable that on my bank account which, again, no prior employer requested.
----
Post ID: 9302
I keep slacking due to anxiety and I may get fired for it.
I work at a warehouse that requires me to be in silence with my own thoughts most of the time. I have severe anxiety (from bipolar and OCD) and it makes it so hard to function, so I talk to my friends if I can. A lot of the time there isn’t even work to do, so I take my time. Today I got called out for looking like I never wanna be here, working at a slower pace than everyone else and talking to my friends too much. Yes I DO slack and I’m totally guilty of it, but I can hardly focus on anything when I’m at work. Now I can’t stop thinking negatively about myself and I just feel like crap cus I’ve never been called out like this before by three of my overseers at once. How do I get these negative thoughts out of my head? I’m obsessing over it and how to behave at work on Thursday.
----
Post ID: 9330
Doing Drug Test One Day Late
Basically I got a job offer and the email says I need to get a PE drug screening done within five days, which I didn't misread. Today is day six, I am going to have to get it done today. How fucked am I, is that "within five days" business days or weekends? It is an office position, nothing involving heavy machinery.
----
Post ID: 9355
What do you do after you get a “I need to talk to you” message from your superior?
I just got one. He said he had some items to discuss with me. I don’t think I’m in trouble but for some reason I can’t stop worrying that I’m in trouble.
----
Post ID: 9486
Starting a new job today and I'm so nervous!
I'm happy I got a job but I'm 32 and it feels like the first day of school at a new school. I went shopping yesterday and got a while new wardrobe so I'm excited about my clothes but I hope the  training expectations are fair. Seems like a pretty simple job at least and there's an office dog to comfort me.
----
Post ID: 9504
Leaving my long-time career for something else 
Hi! 
I have been in my job for almost 10 years. Got promoted three times but have now decided it’s time for me to start something different. I am a manager at the moment and am also going into my new job as a manager. I’m looking for advice because the job I’m leaving was my first ‘real’ job. I’m scared of leaving but really need to push myself and step out of my comfort zone. How can I ‘manage’ people when I am new myself? Am I overthinking? y’all pleeeease give me advice on confidence, management, anything you feel is applicable right now?🙏
----
Post ID: 9508
Is it okay to apply for a job that needs good communication skills? 
If I’m being honest, I don’t think I am that good with my communication skills. I am really shy and bad at explaining things. However, every job needs those skills, and I need to get experience somehow. My school is offering a job to be a mentor and I want to apply, but I just don’t know if I will fit their requirements of good communication skills 
----
Post ID: 9517
Am I going from a bad job to an even worse job? 
Might be jumping from a frying pan into fire

I currently work in a telemarketing call center doing b2b sales and it's only been a few weeks but the work is mentally grueling. I make about 300 calls a day and I'm constantly anxious about being laid off if I don't hit my sales quotas. I recently interviewed for an admin assistant position at a startup and the interview went well. I have an in person interview in about two weeks. However, the startup seems very disorganized and badly run and I'm nervous about getting myself into a situation that might be just as bad as the one I'm in right now. I only need a temp job for about 10 months before I move out of the country and I know beggars can't be choosers but I still want to be choosing the best option possible for myself and my mental health. 

On one hand the call center has been around for 10+ years. It's grueling work but since it's an established company there's very clear procedures and guidelines regarding working hours (9-5) and time off (10 days per year). There's also medical benefits and everyone I've spoken to so far has been really kind. The downside is the nature of the work - cold calling over 300 numbers a day and feeling terrible about bothering people during business hours. There's also a lot of micromanagement regarding stats like the number of calls you make a day and how long you can keep people on the line. They also listen in on calls to make sure you're following the script. The product itself is also pretty mediocre. I work for a credit card processing brokerage and they're basically just trying to get people to switch credit card processors. I guess it could be worse but I don't really enjoy being fake to people over the phone and instead of adrenaline all I feel is anxiety when I do finally get through to someone. 

The startup I interviewed for has a team of less than 10 people and they are looking for someone to manage the excel and CRM system so it's really straightforward. I'm a bit worried about the stability of the job and the lack of management. The company is small and it's been around for only 3 years so there's a risk of company going under abruptly (although it looks fine for now). The founder says he works 7 days a week and it seems like there's some expectation to work outside normal hours although they assured me that that's "not normally the case". The interview process so far has been chaotic. I had to reach out a couple of times to confirm basic details like the date and time of the interview, whether it was in person or not, and the address of the office. They miss a lot of important details so I'm worried about the working environment being equally disorganized and having to hound people to get missing info. No benefits and I'm not sure about how they deal with time off yet. 

I don't think either of these jobs are really great options but I'm in a bit of a sticky situation because I'm only looking for temp jobs. Let me know what you guys think. 


----
Post ID: 9592
Help with clothing/makeup?
I just got my first ever job working as a waitress, and will be having a trial shift, and im not sure of how I should present. My boss said there's no rules about baggy clothing, and it feels like an overall very "young" place. So if i can wear my like 2 sizes up pants, can i wear makeup? He only told me to look "proper" and I don't know what that means.

I felt bad asking for clarification so i didnt. My go-to makeup includes eyeliner and an overlined cupids bow and i have zero idea if that's acceptable. It's nothing super dramatic, but it isn't subtle either. 

Im also autistic so i have a hard time understanding what is "socially acceptable" or whatever "proper" means.

Does anyone have any tips? im kinda desperate
----
Post ID: 9607
i need reassurance
i was offered an interview yesterday by a company sales and marketing firm, but i have zero experience though they are okay with it, i’m nervous for my interview in 3 hours.. I’m reviewing their website to understand their business more. I’ll definitely ask them questions, but my main concern is that everyone on the website looks so much older than me (i’m 20). this also feels like a big jump from my min. wage fast food job to a sales marketing firm. i should be excited for this new opportunity right?
Total posts with both codes: 288