Created sampled_30_layoffs_posts.jsonl with 30 lines
Created post thread with 30 posts. Here are the posts:

post_id: 1
title: Lonely
text: October 2024 marked a year since my layoff. I waitressed for a bit, then started doing admin tasks to help my husband's growing business. With support from family, we're able to keep our heads above water financially.

At this point in this layoff journey, what really eats at me is feelings of professional loneliness and missing the career I loved. I was excited by the work I did. I was mentally stimulated. I felt challenged and productive. I'm still applying to jobs on and off. Getting the rare interview is both exciting and saddening because I get to revisit the work I had to leave behind. 

After about 8 months of very few job prospects, I decided to use this time to get the MBA I've considered for years. It is online but I was super excited about the twice a week live classes. I thought I would be able to finally talk with other people about what we were learning and engage in interesting discussion. However, many of the classes are not structured this way and I am still feeling very alone.

My husband and I move to a different city, on average, every year and a half (former military, now schooling) and that already presented a challenge with building a local community of friends and support. We're moving again in a few weeks. I worked remotely for a few companies once the pandemic hit. Even though he and I were always relocating, I at least had a consistent group of people that I would engage with via Zoom/Slack/Teams.

I do camera-on Zoom "body-doubling" to feel like I'm still around people who are also working (my husband's business takes him out of the house for most of the day) but there is very little conversation in those environments, too. I realized that instead of TV shows or music, I use YouTube videos as background noise because it feels like the YouTuber is somewhat "talking" to me. I'm aware of how sad this sounds. It brings me back to when my husband was deployed during lockdown, and I was living alone. I would leave a TV on in another room just to feel like someone else was in the house.

My restaurant co-workers are nice, and I get enough social interaction with them and the customers. My husband, family, and long-distance friends are very supportive emotionally. I see a great therapist and medication management doctor.

But I deeply miss talking to others in my profession and being able to nerd out with them, and go deep on topics. I miss sharing news about our industry, brainstorming ideas, sharing knowledge, building things, presenting work, giving and getting project feedback...

If anyone has words of advice or wisdom to share, I'd appreciate it.

post_id: 2
title: India Services Sector Layoffs
text: India’s services sector has started the layoffs.

post_id: 3
title: Using ChatGPT to rewrite your resume
text: A a few years ago, I had my resume professional rewritten because a coworker said they did that and it helped them when they were job hunting. A friend of mine who is also laid off said to use ChatGPT to rewrite your resume, Anyone use this method? I would be afraid ChatGPT might create job descriptions which would cause my resume to be rejected in the ATS system.

post_id: 4
title: Layoffs suck, but you don’t.
text: Since 2018, I’ve been through 9 layoffs. I’ve been impacted 2 times, the one doing layoffs 1 time1, and survived because I advocated for a different position 6 times. Most recently, 2 weeks ago, another layoff I survived I was given my performance review the same day and for the first time ever after 12 years in corporate, I was classified as “Missing” while being 6 weeks away from my 6 months of maternity leave (whomp whomp). There has been no official mention of a PIP but I do know the writing is on the wall while I was placed on one of the most advanced projects at my org and that was acknowledged . The market is tough for various reasons and I’m projecting it will get worse before it gets better. My most important piece of advice post layoff is:

-Always remember that when you get laid off, you get laid off from a role, not from yours skills. No one is stripping you of your capabilities (although it may feel like an identity crisis).


How do you get into a better mindset?

Employment is a transactional relationship, and fully conditional. If you are laid off, it’s because your employee profile likely had skills overlap with someone else who was kept. A decision by someone’s who likely knows tooo little about your day to day thinks your work can be consolidated. For example in my case, I was kept because I’m a liability for discrimination because I’m pregnant, laying me off will be much harder so they are prepping for a justified termination. 

Modern work culture creates a false sense of unity and care in work environments. When in reality perks exist to motivate and distract from underlying purpose of keeping employees at a job for the costs they can incur if people leave too early. The perks although wonderful trigger an emotional connection to your job- they are there to make you want to stay. Making it feel like it is more than just work. It’s not. It’s a job. They give you money, to do x job. If they think Joe Shmo can also do your job, why not get rid of you because 1+1=2 or if they think a bot that costs $5,000 to be built and $100, a month to maintained, that’s when the math doesn’t add up. People wayyy above you make what they see as simple math decisions without shame because they are so detached from that emotion you live on your day to day. They just look at numbers in a very black and white lens. They’re goal is to make the company as much money as possible so investors are happy. 

That day to day emotion and connection is what makes it feel like your life is in shambles when you’ve just been laid off. It feels like heartbreak, similar to that of a long time love. Blast breakup songs and cry it out and I bet you’ll feel the loss. And similarly to heartbreak- filled with lies and misalignment.  Truth is, if they didn’t see your value- it’s time to strap your boots and find a new path. Because the truth is, if they wanted to they would. If they wanted you at the company, they would keep you. But because you have been categorized as no longer of huge value- they decide to not keep you. 

Believe me I know it’s not easy. And I know the situation is dire for some more than others. But you will get through. Post layoff when you feel like utter shit- take 30 minutes to make a list of yours skills and things tour good at. Keep that list up as you are on your new job search. Read it before your interviews. Read it to remember- no one takes away your potential and skills (only your own mindset). 

Apologies if this post feels insensitive but I know layoffs can feel like an identity crisis and I want those that are going through the tough stage to know- it’s not you, it’s them. Don’t forget self love through it all, it’ll keep you strong. 








post_id: 5
title: FTC commissioner fired by Trump says her ouster should concern marketsOne of the two Democraticcommissioners at the
text: 

post_id: 6
title: Different visas issued by US
text: 

post_id: 7
title: Job search experience - seven weeks
text: I lost my job just before Christmas for so called restructuring with 3 weeks of severance and zero benefits. It’s gut wrenching. We have two young kids, which makes it even more difficult for us. Thankfully my spouse works full time, we are surviving by only paying for basics (i.e. utilities, rent, kids’ school, food and healthcare) and burning through some savings. 

Overall, it’s messy for me because I moved from northeast US to Texas with a toddler and a newborn about a year ago. My wife had to find new job in Texas in the middle of her maternal leave just a year back and now there is “situation” that she might have to move again. It’s not a pretty scene at home.

I started applying after new year. I most probably applied for 150-180 jobs so far. I got reasonable amount of callbacks, but had to decline to a few interviews because my wife would not find any roles in some of those remote places (example: Rutland, VT). 

With some luck and good grace of almighty, I got a FT offer from a Tier-3 consulting firm in Northeast within a month of search. It’s a step down from my current level and approx 20-25% lower salary than what I used to make. However, with the situation, I accepted the offer and potentially will start the job in 2-3 weeks. I don’t have to move immediately, they would provide a cushion period to fully relocate. 

I have not stopped my search. I am interviewing for a few more roles. If I get any better opportunity, specially local opportunity where I don’t have to relocate, I might rather take that. Let’s see how it goes. Generally Q2 is golden for new job search because companies approve large budgets for growth in Q1. 

My overall take on this tough time and process is the following:

1. I needed to take a deep breath to standup from indignity I felt when they let me go. My kids help a lot, spending time with them helps me to get through this painful journey. 

2. I talked to myself a lot about the layoff. It’s hard to 
swallow it but it’s important to think through it for the sake of future. I spoke to my wife, asked for her opinion and also spoke to a few former colleagues to understand their takes. With all the opinions, I formed my own opinion and wrote it down. It really helped me to pull it together. It takes weeks to accept it and get easy to it. 

3. Taking time off from the process is super important to remain sane. I try to take day off in the weekend and go out for walk for an hour on weekdays. Everyday I make breakfast for my kids and wife, drop and pick kids, and strictly stop working after kids are home. Taking the eyeballs off the challenge is very important to de-stress and refocus.

4. I am quite disciplined in the application process. I worked on applications, resume, and interview prep 9-5.30 pm almost everyday (weekdays) since the new year. Consistency is important to avoid any procrastination and creating traction. 

5. I hired a help to submit applications instead of me spending hours in filling online forms. In last six weeks it did cost me like $70 in freelancer expense. If you can afford, it’s worth it. Try UpWork!

6. I saw a lot of post about networking rigorously. I was little reluctant to nudge my first degree contacts for two reasons- pride and saving them  for worst moments like if I can’t find anything by mid April or May or such. However, I used my secondary and tertiary networks to get some solid leads and potentially I might get something out of this. In my opinion, how you want to use your arsenal (i.e. network), it should be up to you. You should strategize who to reach when and how to get an output from that reach out. A mass reach out sometimes help, but I personally found a strategic reach out helps better in short term and long term.

6. I customized a lot of resumes, pretty much all the resumes that I submitted until this week. I have a mixed experience with this. Customization (with AI) takes time, but helps to get the recruiter call and get to the manager call. But many of the things like specific keywords that I added to match the JD, backfired in manager or panel interviews. Thus, I decided to create a pretty broad single resume from this week onwards and apply for roles that is suitable for me. I am A/B testing this, let’s see what response I get from this change. 

7. I had some pretty awful interviews and some great interviews. It generally gets better with time. Don’t be too hard on yourself, just move on and try to put learnings to work for the next one. You only have to get one job, so just crack one. 

8. Some recruiters ghosted me after sending request for an interview. It was annoying but that’s the part of the game. People will ghost you, just don’t take those personally. 

9. In weekdays, when my wife is not WFH, it feels weird to stay home and keep working on applications. I have never been unemployed since 18, thus, it is taking some mental toll on me to be unemployed and staying home. I try to work from coffee shops and restaurants sometimes when she is not working from home. Do you own thing to fight these off-putting moments, whatever makes it easy for you.

10. I got lucky to get a few consulting gig in last two months. It’s not a lot but definitely helps to augment the expenses. I would not be able to do a lot of side hustle while I am applying and interviewing because I am fully invested in these, but some people are more hardworking and strong minded. If you are that type, push for some side hustles, whatever works for you. 

11. Lastly, I had tough moments but I tried to keep faith on me. I constantly told me that I came a long way to reach where I am today and it was not an easy game. Keeping faith on me is one of the key things to get me going despite rejections, bad interviews and being ghosted. 

Please wish me luck and I wish you all the best in this challenging but resilient journey. 


post_id: 8
title: What is going on? 
text: So, I have an interview at 1:00 today. Got a text from recruiter telling me when I get there not to tell the front desk I'm there for interview but ask for person to see. So I asked why? She said it's a confidential interview? Ok, what does that mean? She says, nobody in the company knows they're hiring or for this position. HMM. Now I'm pondering if I should go at all? What's the big secret? Why is HR going behind everyone's back here? 

post_id: 9
title: Layoff while in STD
text: Can I be laid off while in Short Term Disability during active treatment for cancer? Any experience in this scenario? What did you do? Thank you

post_id: 10
title: Why Ireland's politicians believe they can influence WashingtonGetty ImagesPresident Donald Trump will receive a bowl of shamrock again this yearSt Patrick's Day is associated with its fair share of traditions,
text: 

post_id: 11
title: Too many jobs that locals cant do I guess....
text: 

post_id: 12
title: America's hiring boom is officially over
text: 

post_id: 13
title: "Stepping Stone" job doesn't have to appear on your resume
text: You can take a job at a reduced pay level of your previous position and continue job searching.  You don't have to wait until you're out of money.  If a job offer comes higher than unemployment, it's fine to jump into it.  Five years from now, no one will remember you doing a lower-paying stint for a few months.  

post_id: 14
title: The initial offering of PEPE airdrop
text: [removed]

post_id: 15
title: Trump 'an agent of chaos and confusion, economists warnU.S.
text: 

post_id: 16
title: Navigating Life After a Layoff – How Are You Coping?
text: Losing a job is tough—not just financially but emotionally and mentally. Many, like me, find themselves questioning their career paths, struggling with confidence, or feeling isolated. If you’ve been impacted by a layoff, I’d love to hear your thoughts in a judgment-free, supportive space:
	•	What has been your biggest challenge post-layoff?
	•	How are you managing your day-to-day life?
	•	How are you taking care of your mental and physical health during this transition?

This is an anonymous space to share experiences, support each other, and maybe find ideas that help us all move forward. No promotions, no commercial intent— just an open and honest discussion among peers.

Looking forward to hearing your thoughts. Let’s help each other through this! 

No one has asked me since I was laid off in July-24, how am doing! Let me ask you, how are you doing! 


post_id: 17
title: I used to think that the "ghost job" phenomena was overblown.
text: 

post_id: 18
title: Getting laid off at the end of the month
text: I'm getting suddenly laid off at the end of the month from a job that was supposed to keep me on until December/January, right after moving to a new place and signing a lease a year lease. I'm pissed and frustrated, and I still have a couple weeks left of work to do. I work from home, and I'm finding it impossible to focus on working when I need to also be applying to jobs. I don't want to get too specific about my circumstance, but I won't be getting any compensation for suddenly being let go, and I work in a creative field. It's just making me or angry, irritated, and agitated to keep doing this work knowing I am suddenly going to be out of work at no fault of my own. Basically a higher up at my company has decided to "take a break" out of nowhere, and because of that, myself and a couple other people who rely on his work to do our work, are out of a job. It's the most ridiculous and frustrating situation I've had to deal with, because this is my first job out of college. If anyone has any advice on how to focus on just getting my work done for these next few weeks or has been through a similar situation, I'd love to hear it.

post_id: 19
title: Automakers seek ‘opportunity in the chaos’ of Trump’s tariffsTrucks are shown from a drone view after clearing
text: 

post_id: 20
title: AI improves both individual and team performance, new study finds. Will companies draw the right lessons from it?Hello and welcome to Eye on AI.
text: 

post_id: 21
title: Ghosted by two interviewers back to back.
text: Wtf

post_id: 22
title: Weekends suck
text: 

post_id: 23
title: I was the direct assistant to the CEO of a major hospital. The CEO retired and I got laid off the following week. I'm now nearly 3 months unable to find something new. Delivering pizzas to make ends meet.
text: Can we organize a nationwide protest? This is ridiculous. There's so many people in similar situations to mine. 

post_id: 24
title: Over 400 workers laid off at Flagstar Bank in Michigan (4/22 - 5/9)
text: I did not know that the WARN Act was a thing until I read this article. 

I have friends about to be laid off from here. They haven't been told which employees it will be yet, but they told me that the numbers here are likely most of the folks at this location.

post_id: 25
title: Massive Layoffs at Dell
text: Massive Layoffs at Dell Engineering. Lots of software engineers got laid off.  Last day Friday 23rd.   
Been there for 14 years. Feels like a gut punch.  


post_id: 26
title: And so it goes...
text: I joined this sub when I felt something was off at work. My department was hemorrhaging employees under a toxic boss who couldn't manage their way out of a paper bag. Many complaints had been made but nothing was done about it. And any request for new people were not being granted despite being short. The only help we got was temps. And the way they were hyping up that new location, I knew something was going on. 

My stomach dropped the moment yesterday I saw there was an 8:30am meeting that was scheduled for this morning. When I looked at the people included, I could tell it was either an airing of the grievances or it was something worse. 

And then this morning, my boss' boss read out a statement to us saying that our department was being outsourced to the new location. And for the record, my boss was informed at the same time as we were that they were gone.

I'm not done yet but I will be in April, barring any sudden job offers. Thankfully, I had been applying elsewhere and had enough foresight to see this was coming but for people like my boss, it was a shock. 

This job gave me a security. It introduced me to some really good friends. It led to me finding the love of my life. It gave me purpose when I was lacking it. It made me feel for a time that everything was alright. Upon hindsight, that was a foolish thought. 

I want to angrily blame my boss for making our jobs seem inconsequential. I want to cry over the fact that this is really a roadblock in the way of my dreams of buying a house. I want to tell the company to go to hell and burn my bridges. I want to curl up in bed and just snooze through the rest of the year. Despite all I want to do. I know I shouldn't. Not right now. It won't do any good. 

For now, I'm still there and earning a paycheck. For now, it will be business as usual with a few wrinkles included. For now, it's spending my lunch breaks beefing up my resume to make myself as valuable as I truly am. For now, it's applying to anything on Indeed near my location with the hopes of some phone call or email. For now, things are fine....

But I know that be over soon. Time moves faster than it seems and before I know it, my time will be over. Anything that may be a loose end is no longer my problem. And there's something freeing about that. Maybe I'll get the job in the other department but I'm not holding my breath. Things will be different, but that's okay. 

So until the day comes for me, I shall hold my head high and do my best until the day comes that I move on, whether with or within the company. 

But seriously, what the hell?!

post_id: 27
title: Confused by the terms of my layoff
text: I keep running through the facts and I just cannot understand what went wrong. I left a role that I had for five years to join a series a start up and was laid off after three months: 

- in early February I told my manager and HR that I was 21 weeks pregnant.  
- in late February our company announces that we will be outsourcing some parts of our manufacturing and so this would result in a Lay off of the warehouse team that completes this manufacturing.  I have never met or seen this cohort of workers as they work in an offsite warehouse. 
- Myself and one other office worker are including randomly in this mass lay off.
- Despite only being there for three months, the company offers to pay my entire maternity leave that I would have taken. At this point I am visibly pregnant.  
- the warehouse workers still have some work to finish so their layoff is not effective until the end of March. I am also told that I will stay on until March end. But I have no work. The day I am laid off, all the projects I worked on are shut down or eliminated. I continue to go into the office and do random busy work to help my manager and I support other staff where possible. Mostly I just chill.  
- I tell my boss I think I have skills that could be utilized in the company. I am in marketing and he is the only other marketer now. I point out to him that the creative team is still intact (a three people large department, with one head of creative, one videographer, and one graphic designer). He seems receptive and tells me he’s going to see what he can do to find me a place within the company.  
- the following day HR reaches out to me and tells me I have no chance of continuing with the company and that it’s unlikely that there will be a new role for me. I sign the severance letter.  
- I touch base with my manager about the whole thing, and suddenly he is cold to me. He hardly addresses it at all. I can tell he’s not going to stick up for me anymore.  
- during my layoff I asked my manager why I was also being retained until the end of March. And he said it’s so that I could fit into the broader scope of the layoff.  
- prior to my layoff I was consistently getting great feedback from my manager and in the three months I was there I launched two  major marketing initiatives alone. I could rarely join the company at lunch time because I was working through lunch most days. I also worked one day on the weekend.  

Our office/company is less than 100 people large. 

post_id: 28
title: Elon Musk’s X obtains $44bn valuation in sharp turnaroundUnlock the White House Watch newsletter for
text: 

post_id: 29
title: If the mass layoffs will rage masses the people will transform into Magione Luigi, soon. He is the voice of the people who endure abuse at work every day.
text: American corporations should care about people, not just profits. CEOs live luxurious lives, vacation on yachts, pay for private parties, but slaves are laid off one after another. How is this possible? Soon people should protest for their rights. If not you, then who? Do you think Musk or Trump will care about you? Musk who could pay hundreds of people with his salary? How much longer do you have the tolerance to put up with what is happening?

post_id: 30
title: Our company is hiring consultants to help us strategize to make operations more effective, should I be worried?
text: Recently, our company sent a company wide email asking employees to voluntarily “retire” and get their severance pay. This was for anyone that worked over 5 years. We have closed down a couple of our warehouses and consolidated them to existing ones. This past year, corporate had to sacrifice their annual salary increases from 3-5% down to 1-2% so we can give way to our warehouse employees. Understandable but wtf? Anyways, I only got a 1% raise since I was fairly new when the raises occurred but not sure what the next raise would look like. Our senior director that has worked for the company over 40 years said our department (finance) has nothing to worry about and if layoffs would happen, we’d be the last ones to be let go. 

Anyways, we started hiring consultants to help us with our operations etc because our biggest competitor is Amazon and most of our clients are drop shippers so it’s not good. I saw another Reddit post that they hired consultants and if he should worry about it. Should I worry about it? I’ve been here less than a year and been job hopping for over 4 years and I really don’t want to go look for another one.
