post_id: 1
title: Tired of low pay and scarce jobs, considering learning a trade (hairdressing)
text: Hi everyone! I'm seriously considering a career pivot and thinking about going to cosmetology school to become a hairdresser. As someone with a bachelor's degree working in my field, I've realized that the salary cap seems to hover around $80K (if you are lucky and are able to advance up the ladder), with most positions offering around $55-65K. Living in a high-cost area, this isn't really cutting it, especially as I think about long-term goals like starting a family and planning for retirement.

Currently, I'm making about $53K in a job that I'm sticking with primarily for the benefits—it's barely tolerable. The constant job hunting is becoming demoralizing, battling it out for what feels like scraps only to face rejection time and again. I've toyed with the idea of pursuing an advanced degree or even becoming a librarian (a career I was interested in), but those paths don't seem financially promising either and jobs are just scarce these days. 

So, I'm exploring the idea of becoming a hairstylist. I've heard that in this trade, there's potential to make good money and even be self-employed, which is incredibly appealing. However, leaving a steady office job with health insurance for a more uncertain path is a bit daunting.

Has anyone here made a similar career change or knows someone who has? I'm trying to make a move that will improve my financial situation and reduce my dependency on traditional employment, but it's a big step. Would love to hear your thoughts or experiences!

post_id: 2
title: [deleted by user]
text: [removed]

post_id: 3
title: Does anyone know 83zero?
text: 
A recruiter recently contacted me for a job offer in a cybersecurity company and I’m wondering if they are a legit headhunting company or a scam. 
They seem legit .

post_id: 4
title: Have thank you emails ever helped you get the job?
text: Had an in-person interview today that went really well. The pay is lower than my last job, but the workload is much lighter and it’s Mon–Thurs with occasional Fridays—huge plus for work-life balance since I’m thinking about taking coding classes. The manager was super kind, didn’t ask many questions, but seemed interested and hinted at an offer after she finishes interviewing others. She said to expect a call by the end of next week. I’ve been unemployed for 7 months, so I’m really hoping this works out. I just don’t want to be too pushy because prior to getting an interview I made it very apparent that I was interested by calling up at the office and asking for someone to reach out to me for the next steps. I also was emailing with the hiring manager back in forth. 

post_id: 5
title: How should we approach this?
text: This week we got a new salesman that drives a Tesla. The company is installing a charger for his own personal use here at no cost to him. Several of us that still drive combustion vehicles feel like this is pretty unfair to the rest of us. 

Looking for ways to address this with the branch manager. 

post_id: 6
title: Recently moved positions within my company. I don’t think it’s going to work out and I want to start applying externally. Should I put the new position on my résumé?
text: Long story short I’ve been with the same company for almost 7 years. All of my professional work experience, so non-fast food or retail, has been with the same company but I’ve held three different positions. The first one was a call center customer service job I had for a 2 years, then I moved up to account management for just shy of 5 years and then a few months ago I moved to onboarding. 

I was really struggling in the account management role personally, my metrics were great. I was a top performer, but I just had so much dread every day logging into work. I really thought it was a departmental issue, my boss was not very competent and the team had some under performers that made everyone’s job harder but now I’ve moved to a new position on a different team and I think it’s actually just the entire company culture that is not a good fit. The company I work for is extremely large and I just think that working for such a large corporation isn’t a good fit for me personally. 

I’ve been in the new position for less than four months and I can’t decide if that should still be on my résumé because my most recent job experience or if I should drop it and just list the account manager role as my most recent position. I don’t really like the idea that it looks like I’m jumping ship immediately after getting a new role, but that is exactly what I’m trying to do. Any advice is helpful. 

post_id: 7
title: ISO: Remote / Hybrid Jobs
text: Putting this out there as part of my research for a job that is remote or hybrid. Would love to sit down and have conversations with recruiters and hiring managers about any opportunities. Also of you refer me to a company and it works out, ill be more then willing to pay you $100 for helping me find that opportunity. 

I am currently seeking remote/Hybrid job opportunities. With a four-year degree and 6 years of experience in various leadership and management roles, I am confident in my ability to contribute effectively to a dynamic team. Future goals:  I will be starting my MBA next year (part time at University of Utah) in Sales and Marketing, with an emphasis on employee relationships and engagment. My professional background includes:

-Leadership: 6 years of experience in leading teams to achieve company goals.
-Inventory Management: Expertise in maintaining optimal stock levels and reducing waste.
Sales Analysis: Proficient in using data to drive sales strategies and improve performance.
Staff Training and Development: Skilled in coaching and developing team members to enhance their skills and performance.
-Project Management: Successfully managing projects from conception to completion.
-Sales Negotiations: Experienced in negotiating deals and contracts to achieve favorable outcomes.
-Supply Chain Management: Coordinating with suppliers to ensure efficient operations.
-Customer Relationship Building: Building and maintaining strong relationships with customers to drive loyalty and repeat business.
-Presentation and Training: Delivering effective presentations and training sessions to diverse audiences.
-Product Knowledge: In-depth understanding of products and their features, enabling effective sales strategies.

I am passionate about leveraging my skills in a remote and hybrid environment to help organizations achieve their objectives. I am highly motivated, adaptable, and eager to take on new challenges. 


post_id: 8
title: I am so terrified of getting a new job
text: I'm 33 and have worked for the big retail giant for 12.5 years. I started hating it about 5 years ago and after I found out they're paying your way through college I jumped on the opportunity. It took me 2.5 years but I'm about to finally graduate with my associates. I want out of here so bad but this place is all I know. I have no experience in what I went to school for and now that I have to start job hunting I'm so scared of the thought of working somewhere else. What if I'm terrible at it and get fired, I have kids I can't afford to not have a job. I know companies are often hesitant to hire a mom with kids so how do I find out about their sick policy without ruining my chance of getting the job?

post_id: 9
title: I am getting job interviews, but no offer
text: [deleted]

post_id: 10
title: Smart Serve for this?
text: Hello! I have been noticing jobs that do no involve alcohol have been including Smart Serve as a prerequisite for the position. (i.e., Sign Maker with Signs & Designs), listed under certifications. I have also seen retail positions with that listed in the job posting. 

  
Why is it being required for jobs unrelated to alcohol or the serving/ sale of alcohol?

post_id: 11
title: How do I get better at interviewing?
text: I had an interview this morning and thought it went well. I check on Indeed and see the dreaded 'Not selected by Employer' red marking.

This is not the first time I have received the dreaded notification in short order either. My resume is strong but I can never get past the interview stage.

What to do next?

post_id: 12
title: Applying for a Management Role (with technically no experience)
text: I’ve been working in the marketing field for 5 years and have had some sort of specialist role during that time. 

I’ve learned a lot and I feel like i have the skills and knowledge necessary to step into a manager or senior specialist role, though I have never actually had the title of a manager. 

I’ve been applying for management positions but have had trouble getting call backs for interviews. 

Any advice to help my application stand out? Is it possible to land a management role without having actually been a manager?

post_id: 13
title: Job asking me to do a role outside my job description
text: [removed]

post_id: 14
title: Career planning
text: I've been exploring different strategies to land a job, from tailoring my resume to match job descriptions to networking with industry professionals. I find that staying persistent and open-minded during the application process has really helped me stay motivated.

post_id: 15
title: If my direction is 2-3x the revenue, how should I negotiate my salary and bonuses?
text: If my direction is 2-3x the revenue, how should I negotiate my salary and bonuses?

Hi guys, I am a Lao Creative Director and YouTube Manager with over 5 years of experience. I specialize in product (video essays), management (workflow, writers, narrators, editors, etc) and YouTube system optimization. What I do best is identifying potential (new &amp; profitable) niches through research and data analysis, and creating a self-sustainable team with a high probability of longterm growth. Essentially, I generate better odds for the content (mainly YouTube) department. 

In the past, under my direction &amp; management, my old YouTube project (owned by someone else) doubled its revenue twice, from $7k -&gt; $14k -&gt; $30k/month in around 1 year, with minimal increase in budget (Also, not mentioning the money from bookings that comes with the higher views). Sadly, my salary wasnt going up, and I also didnt get any stake in the company. So I left. After I'm gone, revenue dropped. And with the way things are being run now, it'll probably never hit $20k again, or at least will take years.

Recently, I moved to a new company. Their YouTube monthly revenue for \~10 months before I joined was \~$3k, sometimes less. Before I joined, revenue never passed $6k. But now, after 5 months and a lot of hardwork, their revenue/month is situated at \~$8k, fluctuating betweek $6k and $10k, with projections indicating that it will reach \~$20k/month at the end of this year (again, not counting money from bookings). Thus, my boss has agreed to reopen negotiation for my salary.

Now, my fixed salary is quite high in the company ($1.5k/month), since we're a startup (higher than that from my old company). It's a bit lower than what I want and what my position is getting at another city, but I'm sorta okay with that. I see myself working here longterm, so I wanna convert the salary raise and bonuses to a fixed % rate with the revenue. I'm thinking somewhere between 2-8% of the total revenue from YouTube. Because my objective is the increasing the money generating power of YouTube, thus I want my salary to be tied to it. 

I'm a technical kinda guy, so all this money thing is quite new to me. I knew that I undersold my self at the old company, therefore I dont want to repeat the same mistake twice. So... business owners, or people with experience in dealing with this stuff, is tying the revenue of a project to the salary of the one responsible for that project's growth a sound decision? Am I asking too much? Or should I just go for a bigger fixed paycheck (thinking somewhere between 20-30% increase)? How do I solve this problem?

post_id: 16
title: Am I a slave or do I just need to give it more time?
text: 
Should I stay or should I go?

I am a member of an organization (don’t want to mention it but it is a fairly new organization) as a player and captain for their e-sports team( not mentioning the game either). I’ve been with this org since April and we started pretty low with not so good or dedicated players and we faced many changes in the squad. We had a schedule from Monday to Saturday every day and to be honest I invested a lot of time (30-40h/week) and effort both towards the org and myself to become better. But in the contract it says that pay is mostly achievement based, like once we start winning tournaments and stuff we ll start to have a base salary. Even though we evolved a lot I still haven’t seen a penny. Like it seems a bit off to tell someone yeah you will start getting paid once you are at the top. It seems to me pretty crazy to expect people to stick to you while you give them nothing and want to start to pay them only when they are successful enough.

post_id: 17
title: [deleted by user]
text: [removed]

post_id: 18
title: wait iam handling it 😂🚶‍♂️
text: 

post_id: 19
title: Looking for a U.S.-Based Buddy to Team Up
text: [removed]

post_id: 20
title: Maharashtra Police Bharti 2024 Notification Out for 14294 Constable Posts
text: [removed]

post_id: 21
title: BOFA FSA job offer
text: Currently a RB at WF. I got an offer by another institution BOFA FSA district manager been in touch with me for over a year they pretty much told me I got the job on the spot. I currently have one year where I’m at, I do enjoy the investment side more than regular banking. I know I have to obtain my series 7 and I’m willing to give it my all. Anyone worked for BOFA FSA position? How is it? 

post_id: 22
title: Offered a job interview, can either go on a train for 2 hours to meet in person or do a video call
text: Had a founder of a company reach out to me on Linkedin about working for them, they were really keen to hire. That was a few months back. Responded to them today, turns out they worked with a consultant but are now looking for someone in the team. My skillset is social media and content creation.

Got in touch with the CEO and she is happy to meet Thursday, can either go into their offices or do a video call. I have the time but wondering whether I'd be more confident in person or online.

The only problem is I don't have a suit. As most of my job interviews were during coivd and all done on zoom. Better to make an impression in person or leave it to a video call?

Also... I'm 17 and left College.. yeah it's a long story, I've been working in social media for myself for over 3+ years and have generated more than a livable income and worked with clients too. Would this be a problem? I don't really look 17. But I turn 18 in August and my thought process is either I get the job now if no complications or let them know I'm available in August. I hate this coming up as I always feel like there's something holding me back. Thanks.

Edit: I'm in the UK

post_id: 23
title: You ever get hired but not really?
text: This is not the first time this has happened to me in some way, shape, or form.

So I interviewed for a job. Now, they're saying (by they, I mean the contract recruiter) that I got the job but the company is still "getting approval in the funding" or some vagueness.

Flashback to this time last year. I get an offer letter and the firm never follows through. They're waiting on the client to commit. Client is US government and no commitment ever happens, at least not involving my talents. I get ghosted.

Flashback to a year before that. I get hired by a regional bank to do some worm. I received an offer letter and the day before I'm supposed to start,  suddenly there's a retroactive hiring freeze. They blame it on Russia invading Ukraine.

This has been a trend. What the heck is going on in the corporate world these past few years with the fake, grey area hiring? None of these jobs are coming to fruition, despite promises and letters.

I'm still holding out hope this one actually pans out. But it has been a couple weeks of dicking around. I'm good financially, this is really a second remote job for me, but it is definitely alarming just how unprofessional the hiring process has become.

post_id: 24
title: 2k visitors Zero $- Be Honest, why does my store ✨SUCK✨? Unifie-bond.com
text: 

post_id: 25
title: Feeling Overlooked: Should I Continue Extra Work Without Pay?
text: 
I work as a pharmacist at a multinational insurance company, specifically in the medical claims department. Over the past 11 months, I’ve not only fulfilled my role as a medical claims officer but also taken on an unofficial title: “The Excel guy.” Let me explain.

In our 100+ people department, I’ve been supporting my colleagues with Excel-related queries, even though it’s entirely outside the scope of my job description. The recognition I’ve received for this has been quite significant, even though it hasn’t come with any financial benefits. But that’s okay; I genuinely enjoyed helping others and contributing to our team’s efficiency.

One of the teams I’ve been supporting is the claims analytics team, which interestingly consists of just one employee. I’ve helped automate many of their daily tasks and taught them some advanced Excel techniques. My hope was that this would position me well for any future openings within that team.

Recently, there was a senior analytics team opening, and I applied. I made it to the final interview phase, feeling confident about my qualifications. However, to my disappointment, a candidate from a different department was chosen over me. The reason? Seniority. The other person had been with the company longer.

Today, our analytics team lead sat me down and shared some encouraging words. She assured me that I was the best candidate in our entire department, emphasizing my expertise and contributions. She believes that if another opening arises, I’ll be chosen without an interview due to my track record.

I’ve been with the company for less than a year, just a month shy of completing my first year. Despite my efforts, I’ve received only a small fraction of the annual increase that everyone else got. Meanwhile, I’m living in a country with a struggling economy and currency devaluation.

I can’t shake the feeling that I’m being manipulated. I am being irrational? Should I just continue doing extra work based solely on a promise?  I’m torn, and I’d appreciate any insights or advice you might have.



post_id: 26
title: advice on quitting job with toxic boss
text: i have only been working here a few months, but i’m wanting to quit for a new job opportunity that better suits my passions and pays a lot better. but i’m really scared to quit and don’t know how to go about it!

my boss is the only toxic person and everyone else i work with are lovely which makes this hard. but i can’t deal with how little i get paid for what i do, the stress i’m under and how terrible the boss is. she’s made employees cry in the past, has strict unnecessary rules and high standards for minimum wage student employees. i get IMMENSE anxiety being around her like i’m doing everything wrong and i worry what she’s going to say to me. she’s complained about me taking a mental health day before and then asked why, only to go ahead and tell all the managers my personal stuff without asking first.

i’m unsure how to tell her i’m leaving and want it to be with as less confrontation as possible. do i only need to tell her once i have the job offer accepted? will a text suffice to let her know i’m leaving and have emailed my resignation? she will probably request a phone call if i text. and i DREAD seeing her those two last weeks and what she’ll say. i do genuinely dislike being around her and even texting for a sick day gives me anxiety. i can’t handle more of this  

i wish i could just quit and never go in again but it would be heavy on my conscience because the co-workers are so nice and so overworked already. it’s a small business too with corporations i wouldn’t even feel bad (contract is two weeks notice for resignation) 

just want it to be as smooth as possible and avoid drama

post_id: 27
title: How to find the right job?
text: Currently 24, I've been trying to find the right job for me and tried a variety of jobs that I don't feel were a good fit for me in the past couple years. My favorite was driving for FedEx, pay was decent($22.5/hr), 401k match, worked independently, worked on own schedule. Everything was good then my friend told me there was an open spot in his company doing garage doors, joined with the promise training would be done in 2-3mo and I'd be making \~$200+/day. Business slowed in a month and I got laid off, and since then(3mo ago) I've been lost. Job experience in order: Restaurant(waiter) 3yrs, FedEx Coordinator 1yr, Uber/Doordash driver 6mo, Residential cable tech 1yr, FedEx delivery 1yr, Garage door tech, Commerc. cable tech.

I really just want a job I'll be able to stay at for more than a year with some sort of incentive to work and progression, I want to feel like I'm learning and getting things done. Most of the jobs I've tried don't give a sh#t about new employees and just see me as disposable, when I ask for training or progression they don't even feel the need to reply.

I enjoy being analytical, investigating things, troubleshooting as a network installer, studied IT in college for 2yrs, enjoy working with technology, electronics, working independent preferably, seeing new places. Interested in business/economics/finance, IT, cybersec, web design. Skills wise I have good communication skills when needed, have skills with power tools, construction basics, some networking/cabling specific skills(Cisco),

I've applied to a variety of jobs, mostly IT support, remote and in person, remote customer support jobs, some trades, security installer, delivery positions, I'm just trying to get in a decent job where I can make money($23+/hr) to save for future education, learn skills or at least feel useful. I might go back into my console repair business if I can't find the right job.

[ ](https://www.reddit.com/r/careerguidance/comments/12nillj/how_do_you_find_a_jobcareer_that_fits_you/)

post_id: 28
title: about working abroad
text: [removed]

post_id: 29
title: Should I continue in the interview process if the interviewer seems sketchy?
text: The first interview lasted only 5 minutes on the phone and the interviewer rushed through the process and just sent me a invite to the second step of the process. I researched the company and it is legitimate, but I think there’s only one owner who is the same guy who interviewed me. Should I just take the interview offer? It’s for an admin position at a security company, no benefits.

post_id: 30
title: How Many Jobs are Available in Specialty Insurers USA
text: 

post_id: 31
title: What is the best free online resume builder?
text: [removed]

post_id: 32
title: Have been rejected by every job I apply to, feeling discouraged.
text: I am 20 years old and I’m not in school right now, I thought I would would work full time to save up money for a car and to move out. Unfortunately every place I apply to rejects me. I had a interview at Best Buy and I thought it went really well! They said they would contact me about a third interview but I never heard back…. I even called them back to answer. McDonald’s won’t even hire me. I’m feeling so discouraged and rejected. My boyfriend helped me fix my resume but I still have not heard back from anyone. I need money and I feel like a bum. I just sit at home all day sleeping. Any advice?

post_id: 33
title: [For hire] customer service or anything social media related
text: [removed]

post_id: 34
title: Job search
text: [removed]

post_id: 35
title: PSA: just use modern tools to send custom cover letters and resumes to land the job
text: [removed]

post_id: 36
title: Help Nicotine/ Cotinine Test (Hopsital)
text: [removed]

post_id: 37
title: First job ever, how to handle anxiety?
text: As the title says, I am 20 years old and I will be soon starting my first job ever. I've been trying to find a job for almost a year now, and it looks like I finally got lucky. Before, I was really anxious about the fact that I don't have a job and can't find any but now it all took 180° turn and all of a sudden I am anxious about potentially having one. I know, ironic..

I am terrified (even though I know it's not true) that I won't be able to do anything and that I'm completely incompetent. Another thing that I simply cannot imagine is spending so much time in work - five days a week with free weekends for the rest of my life. Where are you supposed to find some time for yourself? It feels like a giant commitment.

I came here to ask for advice and maybe find some comfort because the thought of starting a job and working for the rest of my life naturally scares me. It's a whole new chapter of my life.

I would like to hear how did you manage this anxiety and fear of complete unknown? Do you have any useful tips for someone who has never worked before? And finally, how do you balance your personal life with your job? 

I thank everyone in advance for reading this post and answering my questions.

post_id: 38
title: When do I ask for an upgrade? USA
text: I have to be realistic. I dumbed my resume down to get a gas money job. It's not going to cover my much needed major car repairs. 

I net $498/week.

I left off my B.S. Finance degree and Masters, and additional post graduate work because we are now facing anti-credentialism times. Google anti-credentialism. We are also facing times of rising homelessness. 

Evictions are rising, and wages are stagnant, layoffs are happening. Google Yellow truckers in Nashville, Tennessee. 30,000 jobs lost.

Layoffs will still happen because the Fed's won't lower the interest rates. Large Co's won't borrow money, but they do get tax credits when they hire you. Companies are Federally dependent. They got their PPP loans from the Pandemic like Yellow truckers Co and then laid off 30,000 people. Don't blame their union membership. That wasn't it.

I joined a company that has various depts at their Corp office. To get an immediate job, I had to take off both college degrees to get hired. I'm working with nice people, most are in their 20s and are starting out in their career. 

This company is very Conservative. Management brings up their spouses and children when they introduce themselves to the training class. They don't mention education, because college isn't required. 

College isn't required.

They have other professional openings at the Corporate office. I took a call center job to get in quick and get "some money" coming in.

But it doesn't cover housing, a car payment (wouldn't qualify me for a loan), or healthcare. 

Call center metrics are subjective. 7 minutes is the gold standard here, no dead air time while you are trying to think and look up their information, no ums, follow the script, be precise or you'll fail. Its very high schoolish.

If I do my best, have perfect attendance and be precise returning from breaks to the second...when would be appropriate to apply for the other jobs? 3 months or 6 months?

I'm applying to other jobs at other places. I get interviews. I tell them I moved out of State to stay with a friend and accepted a temporary job while visiting them. 

I am struggling in poverty while working this $498 net weekly pay job. It takes 30 minutes commute each way. No, I can't "just" get a second job at 50+ when I need 8 hours sleep. I never married. I say that because I didn't depend on or mix my income with a spouse to try and make more. I didn't have parents to support me. I'm doing it all by myself. 

Family-centric cultures like to promote people like them, family-centric, especially in the buy-bull belt. In my generation, women married and put family first.Where I am they still have children in their teens and education unfortunately isn't a priority. But the billionaire company owners pay low wages to keep people from affording college. They do it to trap them into having to stay within the company and build up a 1-3% raise until they reach my age and can't go anywhere.

Most people dont stay with the same employer for 20% years. 

I hope you all have a great day and I look forward to your comments and feedback
feedback

post_id: 39
title: Sick of 8 year+ job, worth making a move?
text: 

post_id: 40
title: Do you know how hard to find a Job in Korea??
text: Why finding a job is too hard for me in Korea??

I was born in Korea and grew up until completing High School education.

After finishing High School, I went to New York.

I studied accounting in NY and have a Bachelor's degree from State University of NY.

 I also worked at US accounting firm for several years in New York.

When I came back to Seoul, it was very difficult to find an accounting job.  I didn't know why because I can speak Korean fluently and I can live legally with F-4 visa.

Hardly I got an accounting job and got experiences for many years with my annual salary increased.

Now I quit the job and I am trying to find an accounting job through "Saramin" and "Job Korea" from last week.  But the companies in Korea only looked at my resume and never responded backed even though I have working experiences in Korea and USA.

Do you know why??  Am I something wrong??  Why the companies are not interested me??  How should I have to solve this issue??

I am US citizen.

So, I may go back to the USA to find an accounting job much easier than finding an accounting job in Korea, right??

Please help me and recommend me.

If anyone has same experiences, please share 
with me and recommend what should I have to do.




post_id: 41
title: Extended dates I worked in resume- realized how much after I applied. Should I mention the discrepancy it before they review?
text: So I had a gap in my resume, which I realize was a 3 month extension on the front end, and 3 month on the back end. I said I worked somewhere 2021-2023, without providing months as I was fuzzy. I assumed it would look better, and that I worked late 2021-early 2023z  I looked back now, and realized I worked there early 2022 (March) to late 2022 (September)— it was a job I had during a difficult time in my life and I took a long break after. 

Questions: 1. I never heard back from one job I applied to with this error. Do you think I just didn’t fit the job description, or do you think it’s possible they ran a background check before I even got a response/ interview request?

Question 2. I just applied somewhere and applied through ADP. I looked into my actual employment dates after and I was surprised. I still would want this job- should I try to tell them now that I realized a discrepancy, or would it be worse for me?

Thank you!

Also 3. Do they ever do the employment date verifications before ever emailing you/ interviewing? 

post_id: 42
title: I have a degree in Biology and an MD, what can I do next?
text: [deleted]

post_id: 43
title: Coworker casually used a racial slur at work. 
text: Hi. I just started a new job, front desk at a hotel. Today during shift change, me and the next shift coworker were talking about men being creepy and customers being unruly, etc. She was talking about how she has a knife for self defense, and if i ever need someone to walk me out to my car she would. Then she said “i ain’t scared of none of the n****s around here.” after a second she said “forgot where i was.” i didn’t say anything, i know i should have but i’m terrible at confrontation (something i need to work on) and i’m still very new to this job. however, i’d like to report her now. how should i word the text to my boss letting him know this happened? (i should probably add i feel especially awkward telling my boss because he is Black.) 

post_id: 44
title: guys Im 22 never had a job please help
text: Guys how do you go about getting help about this? How should I proceed? I have passions like cannabis, creating things so maybe things like carpentry could be cool. But right now I need to get a job for a year and stick with it until I can go to to college for biochemistry (hopefully) any advice is apperiacated  

post_id: 45
title: What are some jobs for shy people that will grow?
text: Jobs that are expected to increase in demand.

post_id: 46
title: Take this survey
text: [deleted]

post_id: 47
title: I want to leave healthcare badly, don’t know how or what else I’d do..
text: I literally wake up and dread going into the hospital every single day now. Doesn’t matter if I have a good day or a bad one. Coming from a family of all healthcare workers I did make the decision straight out of high school off of a whim and I guess to make my family proud, now realizing that was a huge mistake. I’ve made up my mind that I want a “better,” career for myself, but I honestly don’t know where to begin. All I know is this job is taking a HUGE toll on my happiness and wellbeing to the point where I need to begin taking action now towards a new path. I’m also 24 and have only been in my career for 2 years and don’t want to go the four year of schooling route again if I can avoid it. Any advice on where to start is welcome. Thanks.

post_id: 48
title: Embarrassed/feel bad about quitting new job after only a few weeks. Advice?
text: I started a new job about a month ago while I was in a BAAAD unemployment rut and desperate for work. It was the first job in literal months that I even got a callback from and I was desperate for anything.

For some context it was a steakhouse type restaurant here in Australia, I applied for front of house but the owner called me and explained that there’s no FOH positions available but they were “urgently hiring” for a kitchen position. He was very friendly and kind. I explained to him that I have absolutely no experience working in a kitchen, no culinary experience, and have never worked with food. (If I’m being honest I’m quite a horrible cook.) All of my previous experience lies within front of house (hostessing), retail sales, cashiering and customer service, nothing even remotely culinary. He assured me after this multiple times that my skills were “highly transferable” (doubtful tbh) and that I would fare fine, the position was specifically for a kitchen section, and the training would be very effective. Since I was broke and couldn’t afford rent and desperately needed a job, I accepted and we had a chat, he ended up saying something along the lines of “while this isn’t full time work or casual,  it actually works out better for you, because as a part-time contracted employee you’re guaranteed shifts every week and enough hours, unlike casual work. I thought this was strange and was hesitant but he made it sound like it was better for me. The pay was like 26$ an hour. 

They ended up hiring me on the spot and he sent me an email that night with my online training links and such and I started work a few days later. The first week I worked plenty of shifts and my paycheck was very nice and comfortable/liveable. I thought I was safe.

Then the second week rolls around.. I was scheduled for less than 10 hours… then the next week… I was scheduled for 10 hours… then last week… I worked a total of like 12 hours. That doesn’t even cover rent. However this week I was scheduled for about 20 or so hours… so maybe it’s getting better? I literally cannot survive on the measly 350 dollars a week that they’ve been previously rostering me. 

Also I’d like to mention that it seems as though this place is kind of overstaffed. It’s a smallish restaurant but I have literally like 25+ other coworkers. There’s even like 2-3 other employees that also work in my position on the days I’m not scheduled when I feel that’s pretty overkill? Like why even hire me if you already have employees working that role, and you only roster me 3x a week? I was thinking that maybe they were thinking of firing someone and then I’d absorb all their shifts but nope. 

And as all of this starts coming to a head, all these different places suddenly start calling me back months after applying to them. I got like 6 different callbacks last week from places I applied to months ago about setting up interviews & trials(retail places, reception roles, etc) that all feature full time hours in the descriptions & positions better suited to my experience. I put them on hold for now and am coming to you guys for advice.

I feel really guilty quitting this job after only a few weeks. The owner seems to really really like me and is always extremely nice, so I just feel like I wasted their time. Should I secure one of the new offers and then quit? If so, how? Through a letter, email, in person? It’s extremely nerve-wracking to me personally. What should I say/do? 


post_id: 49
title: HR contacted me about commute, then didn’t shortlist me for interview?
text: I don’t want this to sound entitled, I just think it’s a fairly normal assumption to make.

I applied for a job last week and a day later (Tuesday) received an email from HR asking if I was okay with the commute as it’s in a different town.

I clarified the WFH policy mentioned in the job advert (three days in, Weds-Fri WFH) and was happy to commute on the other days.

I assumed I would be getting an email saying they’d shortlist me for an interview, they instead got back and said interviews had been held today and I wasn’t shortlisted.

Previously, whenever a company has reached out after an application to clarify something with me, an interview has followed.

It seems normal to get your hopes up after they reach out to you, I thought maybe they’d confirm who they wanted to interview, **then** ask, if they say “no”, then choose another candidate rather than doing it the other way round.

Am I right to be a little annoyed?

post_id: 50
title: Hire a graphic designer 
text: [removed]

post_id: 51
title: Is Someone Going On PIP a Common Thing?
text: The first two jobs out of three that I have had so far within my career I left due to not fully understanding the job due to lack of training. The first job put me on PIP and I felt extremely isolated as though I was one of the only people I knew who have gone through something like this. The second job seemed as though if I stayed, they would have threatened me to go on PIP. The more I read through Reddit, the more it seems as though a lot of people have experienced this, especially in their first handful of years in their career. How common is it for someone to go on PIP at least once in their career.? Has anybody else gone through a similar situation?

post_id: 52
title: Job search insanity. What sites helped you while looking? Lensa seems great, but advice needed
text: Hey jobhunt people! Quick question: what’s been your go-to in the job search game? 

Stumbled onto Lensa and it’s been a solid find. they do this cool cover letter thing – cooks up custom ones for each gig, saved me a bunch of time. They’re also talking about this career pathing service - curious, but haven’t tried it yet. job matching ain’t perfect, so i hit up their support. surprisingly quick – big ups to them, especially Sophie, she was the one that helped me.  
just tossing it out there – Lensa might just dial down the job search crazy.

anyone else given it a spin? 

What other sites do you recommend?

post_id: 53
title: Finding Overseas jobs from India in Cybersecurity
text: [deleted]

post_id: 54
title: I'm starting a job at Petco. Can anyone who's worked there give me some advice?
text: So I'm starting a new job at Petco and it's my first sales job ever. How on earth do I learn about all our products when I've never actually showed there before? I don't know the difference between different types of dog food or different types of  hamster litter, which one works best. Will they train me in all of this or is this stuff you guys have just picked up before is there any advice you can give on starting a new job at Petco?

post_id: 55
title: How to handle this situation with my boss’ boss? 
text: I accidentally called my boss’ boss on a Saturday for a meeting she wanted me to schedule not realising it’s a Saturday. She’s very particular about not working overtime but it has me confused because my boss expects me to work overtime. 

Anyway, I ended up calling her on a Saturday asking if the meeting can be scheduled for today Saturday and she says the following to me in this tone that still has me confused “Sure, if you (I) pay for it.” I proceeded to apologize realising it’s a Saturday today that she hung up the phone on me. 

To be fair, it’s been 2 weeks since I started here and I started working as soon as I landed from my native country that is approximately 11 hours ahead. My sleep cycle has also been wrecked as I sleep by 6 pm- as I still recover from jet lag. 

Anyway, how do I fix this situation or at least not make too much of this incident? 

post_id: 56
title: How to decline an offer to my manager?
text: My manager offered me a role due to my positive attitude and good energy. Based on the description of the duties and what it entails I don't think I'm interested in taking it. It's an easy role but I honestly just don't want to do it. I'm wanting to email her back with my response, but I don't know how to decline, but do it in a positive way. I don't just want to say "thank you but I'm not interested" you know? Would anyone have any ideas on how to properly word this?

post_id: 57
title: Trouble paying background check
text: [removed]

post_id: 58
title: anyone hear back from netflix non cs internships?
text: there was another thread about this last week and mostly everyone said they hadn't heard back with a small group getting rejections. 

anyone hear back with an interview or screening?

post_id: 59
title: Getting a retail sales job in a clothing store while applying for jobs related to my field. 
text: I graduated this year, and I’ve been struggling to get a job that aligns with my university bachelor degree. I finished in April and graduated in July, and I’ve only been rejected from jobs I’ve applied to. It’s always been about 200-300 applicants on the jobs I’ve applied to so getting through is quite hard as a new graduate. Since it’s been such a long time I decided to apply for some jobs in clothing stores etc just to have something while I apply for a «grown up job». I actually managed to land a job at a clothing store, had my first day yesterday. I’ve never had a retail job and I’m not that confident in sales. But it’s better than nothing at the moment. I was wondering if anyone else has applied to retail jobs etc if it’s taken you months to get something related to your field and your experience with it? 

post_id: 60
title: Should I hire a resume professional? If so, where? any recommendations?
text: I have 3+ years digital marketing experience. Sent out many resumes but haven't heard back from any. Not so sure what's going on. Perhaps hiring a resume professional might be helpful? Any recommendations?

post_id: 61
title: So tell me about yourself?
text: Almost every interviewer has asked me this question. It sounds like a first date question rather than professional and I’m never sure how to respond.

For example, I’ve got an interview at a bank tomorrow that I’m trying to prepare for. I’m sure this question will come up and probably early on. I’ve got a LOT of relevant experience in customer service and sales to talk about but I don’t know if that’s what they are really looking for here.

Am I supposed to talk about relevant skills and experience or should I talk more about work style and personality?

post_id: 62
title: How do I get a job within the next 2 weeks if I have no work experience?
text: [deleted]

post_id: 63
title: Customizing your resume is key. Shows you're not just blasting the same doc to everyone. It's about relevance Your skills should match what they're looking for
text:  Found that tweaking my resume for each job made a difference. I used BoxResume, It helped me adjust and write my resume quickly. Made it easier to align with different job descriptions 

post_id: 64
title: How could one make use of the present bloom in AI in terms of career
text: [removed]

post_id: 65
title: Am I being excluded on purpose or am I just being anxious/paranoid?
text: I (32M) am less than a year into this new position, in an entirely new field than what I was in before. I generally like and get along with all of my coworkers, and superiors. On multiple occasions my direct supervisor has spoken about doing after work outings (trivia/pub crawls/food trucks) within earshot of me, and without trying to be discreet about making the plans. Almost everyone else in the office was directly spoken too about the plans except for me. It's honestly crushing if I'm being excluded on purpose, and at the very least rude that they aren't even extending me the courtesy of an invite.   


I don't think this is discrimination, maybe just pettiness? Curious to hear your thoughts in this awkward social situation. 

post_id: 66
title: Starting as new Sales Executive 
text: I’m starting a new job as a Sales Executive. I sometimes struggle with hidden social rules in the workplace.

Any tips on how to thrive and last long in the workplace? (I know it may differ from place to place, but just wanted any general tips). Thanks :) 

post_id: 67
title: When Should I Start Applying for Jobs in my Home Country?
text: [deleted]

post_id: 68
title: Should I go over supervisor and complain about new hire?
text: So, there was a new hire with the same job title. There are only three of us (including new hire) with this job title. I’m gonna call new hire P and fellow coworker G. P and G had an argument and do not tolerate each other. Part do the argument was the fact that P was showing up late and G brought it up, turns out our supervisor told P she could show up at this time. We had a meeting and now P is showing up on time. P is very upset about argument and now P and G cannot stand each other which leaves me in the middle. P has started talking badly about G and almost all office is side eyeing G. Now I’m in the middle and have to balance both P and G. However, P is a very rude person who will pretend to be nice to my face. 

I am stuck training her but P despite being told that she has to do some tasks will not. Now, my supervisor has a history of retaliation if complaints are submitted to her. She has taken a liking to P so idk if I can complain about P. Supervisor has a lot of favoritism and I have been chewed out in the past for bringing up something another coworker did wrong. I was recently given a new offer somewhere else. I love the work that I do and do not want to leave for this other job but due to this conflict I am considering it. Should I go over my supervisor to our director and explain what has been happening with P, G and supervisor and tell her I have another job offer and if she could provide some guidance to better things? Should I try one last time with supervisor? 

Thanks

post_id: 69
title: 18 yo, Asking for advices
text: [removed]

post_id: 70
title: I’m tired of really short interviews
text: I’m trying to get a part time job serving at night, maybe 25-30 hours a week. I have my Real Estate License and need to supplement my income while trying to get established and get clients. The past 3-4 interviews I have went to have been like 2 minutes. 

I went to one today, about 45 minutes from where I live. I dress up nice, have a sports jacket, dress pants and dress shirt. The interview literally lasted 2 minutes. I feel like I waste my time driving so far and getting dressed up for nothing. I’m used to 30 minute- an hour interviews for sales jobs. I have been in the restaurant business before, all of those interviews were at least 15-20 minutes. What’s the deal with all the short interviews? Is this common now?

post_id: 71
title: Working Two Jobs - Likelihood of being allowed?
text: Hi all,

I have a query and was wondering if I can rely on any experts in HR and Management.

Just weighing up my options, but how averse are companies to you working two jobs with some shift "cross-over" time?

I want to work 4am-12pm in one job and 8am-4pm in another office job with the mornings being remote for both. I will have two laptops on. Most of the work in the 4am start job is done by 8, so I am just "on call" until 12 to answer a couple emails if required.

The new job company is fine with it already, it's just the 9-5 current one I am concerned with when I present my case. This one I have worked at for 3.5 years to date and I am at good standing. I am absolutely certain I can manage the workload. I can also work overtime (until 7pm or later) end of shift to easily stay on top of things as and when required, but this likely won't be necessary.

Wonder if you guys have any advice on this. I know every company is different, but any opinions or thoughts would be most appreciated.

Thanks, Scone

post_id: 72
title: Should I take this job? Bad interview experience.
text: [deleted]

post_id: 73
title: Blindsided by Contract Termination: What Went Wrong?
text: I know my temp contract is at-will, but this still blindsided me. I thought my boss and I got along great—we always had friendly conversations. Less than a month ago, I asked when my contract would expire to see if I should start job hunting. She assured me I’d be there at least six more months with three months’ notice before any changes.

That same day, she assigned me a task I’d never done before. A colleague, X, showed me how to do it, but their instructions were unclear. I followed up with X, finished the task, and sent it to my boss. She gave feedback that made no sense grammatically and contradicted what X told me. When I asked for clarification, she ignored me. She also ignored two other questions I asked that week and eventually reassigned the task without telling me. There’s been numerous occasions where I’ve asked her questions and she has not answered them.

The next week, she called and said my contract would end at the month’s close because it “wasn’t a good fit.” She claimed I didn’t take initiative, didn’t ask enough questions, and lacked professionalism (never been an issue). She also said the job was maybe too “intense,” but it’s the easiest I’ve ever had, I barely have work to do. None of it adds up. Also, as soon as she hung up with me she called the other temp that I work with to tell her she ended my contract, but that hers was safe lol. 

What could’ve gone wrong here?

post_id: 74
title: Should I Accept This Job Offer or Stay At My Current Job?
text: Hey guys. I’m a married 25 (f) and need some advice. I received a job offer and I need a few perspectives to aid in a big decision regarding a job offer. 

Currently, I am a Temp at large corporation getting $15.00 hourly for 40 hours a week. I started in July and the plan was to get promoted to a permanent employee in this role. However, the corporation has been stuck in a hiring freeze for several months (with an uncertain ending in sight as of now) and my temp contract ends in March. However, they mentioned that they may have potential promotions / openings in March. But even with the March openings, I’m not fully guaranteed for a role. Thus, I began looking for other jobs just in case.

I just received a job offer that is more pay (45000 annually) and includes benefits, unlike my current job. I’d also be doing work I enjoy more here. But the one major downside is that the job offer is for a startup, so there is a general risk stability wise. I’ve worked for a startup before, but I’m torn on what to do. If I get promoted to a permanent position at the current company I’m at, the pay would be 42000 annually and the benefits are better. Plus, stability with the large corporation. 

But the main thing is I could either lose my job in March or get promoted. And I don’t have much time until then or a guarantee for anything. 

If this was your situation, what would you do?

post_id: 75
title: Overqualified…
text: Is it bad for me to say in a job interview the reason I’m leaving my position is I’m overqualified for it? 

Backstory: 

I’ve worked at Cricket Wireless
I’ve worked at T-Mobile
I’ve worked at a Cell Phone Repair business

All of which I spent quite some time at. 

I now work for a phone company that’s itty bitty, no storefronts, not even in a store like Consumer Cellular is in Target, everything is strictly online. 

I work with 20-30 other employees and I guarantee I am the only one with past phone experience of any kind.

I’m constantly told I’m wrong or “that’s not right.” About things that are correct. Like a proven fact. I know without a doubt in my mind from literal experience and it’s just ruined the job for me, absolutely no motivation. 

I’m applying for a job in healthcare now, somewhat. Like pharmacies. 

No experience there, but very eager to learn, I want out of the phone industry and want to learn more. But I’m sure the “why are you leaving your current position?” Will come up, and I really have thought of saying I’m overqualified. 

Help? Tips?

post_id: 76
title: Query Help 
text: [removed]

post_id: 77
title: How long does it take for a application to get a response
text: I applied for a job at a movie theatre and it’s been about a week is this normal me being 15 and the first REAL job Im trying to get 

post_id: 78
title: Countinouing university or Job at other country?
text: [removed]

post_id: 79
title: Have you ever been hired by accident?
text: [deleted]

post_id: 80
title: Post-final interview
text: Hey y’all, I’m mostly just going out of my mind worrying and would love a little feedback. 

Last week I absolutely FLEW through 3 rounds of interviews at a company/job I’m very interested in working at. I’ve never been part of a hiring process that moved so fast. I got an invitation to the final round 45 minutes after finishing the previous interview. I was asked multiple times if I was interviewing elsewhere or had any pending offers. All signs were ~extremely good. 

My final interview ended with, “well, [my name], your skills make you a great candidate for this role. I just want you to talk with one more person. Her name is [x] and you’d be working directly with her, so I just want y’all to have a 10 minute phone chat.” I said great, I was looking forward to hearing from her. 

That was the very end of the business day on Thursday. So it’s now been all of Friday and Monday, and I haven’t heard anything. I’m starting to worry. At what point should I reach out? I feel like my timeline is warped because of how fast everything went. This process is just agonizing in general and my mental health has certainly been better.

post_id: 81
title: Can I Apply to a Job that requires me to be 16 when I turn 16 in July?
text: I’m currently 15 but want to start working so I can buy things without having to ask my parents, but the job I want to work at requires me to be 16. So could I apply since I turn 16 in a few months or would I have to wait ?

post_id: 82
title: 6 month contract potentially ending after 3 weeks.
text: I'm a licensed clinical social worker who just scored a 6 month contract with Kaiser working as a remote therapist. I had an incredibly slow start but seemed to be doing really well with what was given to me and got a lot of praise from my managers. I got a call today that due to budgetary concerns they're giving me a week notice. The recruiter is trying to find me another placement within the week but if she doesn't then i'll be let go. Just super bummed as this is my first experience with contract work and I barely even got to start this job. Has anyone else had a similar experience?

post_id: 83
title: Innova Management
text: Innova Management Portland OR is hiring. Has anyone worked for this company? Innova Management website is not giving me much

post_id: 84
title: Paycom jobs
text: I recently applied and had an in person interview at Paycom. The online reviews are mixed. I am not going to be working in sales if I get the job. In other departments what is it like?

post_id: 85
title: Am I being too sensitive?
text: I’m currently working a remote job making 75k as a senior high volume recruiter. I don’t really like the job in itself, because I’m basically having slightly different variations of the same 3 convos everyday, but love working remote. Also, I’m in the top 2 at it in a team of 9 where the top 3 are blowing everyone else away. I’ve received 2 promotions and a total of 4 raises in the 2yrs I’ve worked here.

However, my coworkers have become assholes towards me. I had one guy that didn’t like me from the start who has been with the company for 7 yrs and outranks me. A few months later, a new guy came and befriended me. He ended up asking me to hang out outside of work multiple times, and I always declined. They ended up becoming friends with each other, and started making shit up about me. Now, pretty much everyone hates me when I just keep to myself.

The kicker is that I only have to see my coworkers once or twice a week for about 20min each, but they’ll openly mock me even though I’m not saying anything. Every once and a while they’ll mock me on the teams chat too. 

This is about 20k more than I’ve ever made and fully remote positions are tough to come by now. However, it is really hard for me to sit back and take shit from people while the team is laughing at me. I’ve never been through such shit in my life. I know if I say anything back, I’ll be the one to get fired because that one guy outranks me. I thought that just staying completely silent during all of our meetings was a solution, but they caught on and see it as weakness. I’m thinking of leaving, but it’s hard to justify when I see these people for only like 40min/week. Am I being too sensitive?

post_id: 86
title: How should I tell my employer I moved states back in April but forgot to tell them?
text: Basically back in April of this year I moved from NJ to PA. With everything going on it slipped my mind to tell me employers I moved. I work from home so it was business as usual for me, but I looked at my paystub online and saw I’m still paying NJ taxes, which is what alerted me that I forgot to mention it.

How should I proceed? We have people based in PA so that won’t be a problem, but how will I deal with unpaid PA taxes?

post_id: 87
title: Didn't submit cover letter. Should I have?
text: I applied for a mid-level job at a large company where there was an option to submit a cover letter, but  it wasn't required. I've heard nobody actually looks at cover letters, especially past entry level positions. This is a position that I'm extremely qualified for, but I'm sure it has hundreds if not thousands of applicants, given the company that it's for. Should I have written a cover letter to help set myself apart and "show I care", or does my resume speak for itself?

post_id: 88
title: This CV got me an interview - could it be improved still?
text: 

post_id: 89
title: Jobs/careers that are under saturated with decent pay, that don’t require much schooling?
text: Switching from tech (website design) because there are absolutely no available jobs and have already been job searching for a year and burnt out.


post_id: 90
title: I got the offer!!
text: [removed]

post_id: 91
title: Feeling Defeated - Open to Advice/Venting
text: [removed]

post_id: 92
title: How many companies should a job hunter expect to interview with before securing an offer?
text: Hi everyone!

So I am currently searching for a new job in a city that's 2400 miles away. My first real job of almost 2 years has been decent, but I'm actively trying to relocate to this new city for personal reasons. I started my job hunt at the beginning of March and honestly haven't been incredibly motivated, only applying to about 40 jobs total and hearing back from 3 companies.

* Company A gave me my first phone interview in 2 years, so I was incredibly nervous and bombed it.
* Company B's first interview was a 1 on 1 Zoom interview, which was my very first time using Zoom. I was nervous but I felt decent after it, but ultimately did not advance to the next stage.
* A month later, I applied to 6 more jobs and heard back from Company C. I passed their phone interview and last week I had a 3 on 1 Zoom interview with them. I felt great after, but again I did not make it to the next stage.

Is this a typical experience in your guys' opinion? I feel that hearing back from 3 companies with only 40 applications is awesome, but every time I fail an interview it makes me less motivated and I take it so personally, which I know I shouldn't do. Obviously it would greatly benefit me to apply to a ton more jobs so that I always have a lead to be excited about, but I just don't know how many more rejections I can handle going forward.

So that leads me to the question, how many companies did you guys have to interview with before landing an offer? Thanks!

post_id: 93
title: Remote jobs: Looking for work that is (24h or asynchronous) 
text: Hi everyone. I 29 (f) want to permanently move to Europe and live. I‘ve lived there before on a student visa, but now I am navigating how to get there with full time work permission. 

One way is through working remote through the US. I am wondering if any Americans currently work a remote job that they do not hate lol. 

The ideal job would be something asynchronous (or a 24h job) where I could work at any time, as there will be a major time difference in Europe. I am really unsure what is out there as all my life I have done in person teaching. I have a degree in teaching and a masters in literacy. It does not matter to me to find a job thag connects with my educational background. 

Besides customer service jobs, what are other options are there to work fully remote with flexible timing? 

Any advice or help would mean a lot. I haven’t felt like myself in a really long time and need a change. 

post_id: 94
title: Is there anything I can do? (UK)
text: [removed]

post_id: 95
title: Feeling insecure and like a failure
text: [removed]

post_id: 96
title: What are the career scopes in BSc ( Data Science) ?
text: [removed]

post_id: 97
title: Company said keen to proceed but ghosted me afterwards
text: First time posting here and first time encountering such ‘tactics’ by a company.

So long story is I interviewed back in Sept 2023 and was subsequently rejected. So I moved on to a new role. 

Then in Apr 2024, they reached out to me to schedule an interview for another role in the same department, I thought what the hell, why not and went for the interview on 15 Apr. 

I then received a call from the HR on 24 Apr stating that they are keen to proceed baring one more candidate, so she asked for my expected salary and asked if they can buy out my notice period because their ‘internal recruitment process can take 2-3 weeks’ and she will give me more details by Friday, which was 26 Apr. 

26 Apr came and went and I didn’t receive any email/ call so I texted the HR, she replied the following day to say that ‘yes we are keen to proceed, currently waiting for hiring manager to raise job requisition before we can conduct pre-employment check’. 

I thought to myself thats great and I should receive the email/ call in 2-3 days so I waited till the following Thursday, 2 May and texted the HR for an update. It is now 3 May and more than 24 hours since I texted the HR and totally no reply at all.

Have any of you encountered something similar before? 

TLDR: Got told by HR that they are keen to proceed and asked for my expected salary etc but suddenly no contact from them.

post_id: 98
title: Working outside Egypt
text: [removed]

post_id: 99
title: Question regarding no prior work experience
text: Hi,

So I am going to graduate college in December and have been applying to lots of jobs for a while now. However I don't have any experience working because during high school, I was occupied with sports and my year was impacted by the pandemic along with my first couple years of college. I also got really sick after the pandemic with a stomach issue that until recently I have gotten over. Since I have no prior work experience, what should I put on my resume. The only thing I put down was that I did "Unpaid Business Freelance Writing" which essentially translates to I helped my Mom with some of her work because English is not her first language. Any advice?

post_id: 100
title: I love my job. But RTO rumors have circulated for about a year. Anxiety keeps me up nightly. How to ask to stay remote without losing my job?
text: 

I’ve been at my company for about 2.5 years and with my current team for about 18 months. I love my job, my boss, and my team. I work as a data analyst, mostly doing data visualization. Lately my boss has been bringing me into more ad hoc analyst asks, which I have enjoyed. I’m also wrapping up my Master’s in Computer Science in Spring ‘24. My career change from biz management to data analytics/CS is all but complete. I get roped into some CS work - like right now I’m doing some NLP in python to get sentiment analysis, common words/phrases used in customer feedback, etc 

Anyways, I moved down to Florida for my first job with this company in the midst of the lockdown in 2020. I’ve been in office maybe 10-12 times. This job I actually applied for was listed as fully remote, but HR changed me to local because I was here. Didn’t love that. I think it’s fair to say my team works best remote. My direct boss strongly aligns with how I feel, as does our Sr Engineer. We also have two junior analysts - one of which is remote because he was hired and lives in the Midwest. So there’s precedent on our team.

We’ve gotten a new CEO. He spoke highly of hybrid work and hinted at imposing a 3 day a week mandate next year. For now, he’s “encouraging” us to come in. He’s pro hybrid, but not pro fully remote. I have been remote the last five years of my professional career. It’s what works for me. I never want to sit in an office. I will come in bi weekly, quarterly, as needed. But I am building dashboards and doing ad hoc analytics. There’s no need to sit next to my team. We communicate fine via Slack. When I work in office - I lost 2 hours of sleep, don’t have time or energy for grad school at night, am just generally miserable. So far its been a non-issue, but our CEO has heightened my anxiety. My only leverage is I basically own our entire BI platform. It would be hard to replace me on a whim.

We’re currently in our “peak” season. Everyone’s swamped and stressed - especially my boss. But I’m losing sleep over this. And to make matters more complicated, I want to move out of Florida when my lease is up next May. I’d like to move to the Midwest in a state we also operate in. I am miserable and lonely here. I miss being near any family. I just can’t stand it here. And there’s no reason to stay.

Im just looking for advice when to talk to my boss and how to professionally discuss this request. My anxiety has me prepared for the worst. We speak weekly in one on ones but it’s usually all time for actual work. I try not to rock the boat or be difficult, but being remote is the most important thing to me. Part of me thinks it’s best to wait for peak to end, the other part of me thinks I shouldn’t have to live with the anxiety. I’m glad she seems aligned with me on preferring remote, and I originally planned to speak with her in august when we do our yearly bonus/career conversation, but that was moved company wide to January. I’m just tired of constantly hearing about the office, office surveys, etc. I think our CEO was speaking generally vs specifically to me and my team but I hate the lack of certainty. I just cannot do the office and all the social and financial drain that comes with it - especially since I am so high performing. Before I was hired, we had this project contracted to a consulting firm where 3 people did my job. We’ve completely streamlined it since. 

Any advice?

